1998年全国攻读硕士学位研究生入学考试英语试题
Section I	Cloze Test
Directions:
For each numbered blank in the following passage, there are four choices marked [A], [B], [C], and [D]. Choose the best one and mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET 1 by blackening the corresponding letter in the brackets with a pencil. (10 points)
　　Until recently  l   most historians spoke very critically of the Industrial Revolution. They1that in the long run industrialization greatly raised the standard of living for the  2  man. But they insisted that its  3  results during the period from 1750 to 1850 were widespread poverty and misery for the  4  of the English population.   5  contrast, they saw in the preceding hundred years from 1650 to 1750, when England was still a  6  agricultural country, a period of great abundance and prosperity.
　　This view,  7  , is generally thought to be wrong. Specialists  8  history and economics, have  9  two things: that the period from 1650 to 1750 was   10   by great poverty, and that industrialization certainly did not worsen and may have actually improved the conditions for the majority of the populace.
1. ［A］ admitted		［B］ believed		［C］ claimed		［D］ predicted
2. ［A］ plain		［B］ average		［C］ mean			［D］ normal
3. ［A］ momentary	［B］ prompt		［C］ instant			［D］ immediate 
4. ［A］ bulk		［B］ host			［C］ gross			［D］ magnitude
5. ［A］ On			［B］ With			［C］ For			［D］ By
6. ［A］ broadly		［B］ thoroughly		［C］ generally		［D］ completely 
7. ［A］ however		［B］ meanwhile		［C］ therefore		［D］ moreover
8. ［A］ at			［B］ in				［C］ about			［D］ for 
9. ［A］ manifested	［B］ approved		［C］ shown			［D］ speculated
10. ［A］ noted		［B］ impressed 		［C］ labeled		［D］ marked
Section Ⅱ	Reading Comprehension
Directions:
Each of the passages below is followed by some questions. For each question there are four answers marked [A], [B], [C] and [D]. Read the passages carefully and choose the best answer to each of the questions. Then mark your answer on the ANSWER SHEET 1 by blackening the corresponding letter in the brackets. (40 points)
Text 1
Few creations of big technology capture the imagination like giant dams. Perhaps it is humankind’s long suffering at the mercy of flood and drought that makes the idea of forcing the waters to do our bidding so fascinating. But to be fascinated is also, sometimes, to be blind. Several giant dam projects threaten to do more harm than good.
The lesson from dams is that big is not always beautiful. It doesn’t help that building a big, powerful dam has become a symbol of achievement for nations and people striving to assert themselves. Egypt’s leadership in the Arab world was cemented by the Aswan High Dam. Turkey’s bid for First World status includes the giant Ataturk Dam.
But big dams tend not to work as intended. The Aswan Dam, for example, stopped the Nile flooding but deprived Egypt of the fertile silt that floods left -- all in return for a giant reservoir of disease which is now so full of silt that it barely generates electricity.
And yet, the myth of controlling the waters persists. This week, in the heart of civilized Europe, Slovaks and Hungarians stopped just short of sending in the troops in their contention over a dam on the Danube. The huge complex will probably have all the usual problems of big dams. But Slovakia is bidding for independence from the Czechs, and now needs a dam to prove itself.
Meanwhile, in India, the World Bank has given the go-ahead to the even more wrong-headed Narmada Dam. And the bank has done this even though its advisors say the dam will cause hardship for the powerless and environmental destruction. The benefits are for the powerful, but they are far from guaranteed.
Proper, scientific study of the impacts of dams and of the cost and benefits of controlling water can help to resolve these conflicts. Hydroelectric power and flood control and irrigation are possible without building monster dams. But when you are dealing with myths, it is hard to be either proper, or scientific. It is time that the world learned the lessons of Aswan. You don’t need a dam to be saved.
11. The third sentence of Paragraph 1 implies that ________.
[A] people would be happy if they shut their eyes to reality	[B] the blind could be happier than the sighted
[C] over-excited people tend to neglect vital things	[D] fascination makes people lose their eyesight
12. In Paragraph 5, “the powerless” probably refers to ________.
[A] areas short of electricity	[B] dams without power stations
[C] poor countries around India	[D] common people in the Narmada Dam area
13. What is the myth concerning giant dams?
[A] They bring in more fertile soil.	[B] They help defend the country.
[C] They strengthen international ties.	[D] They have universal control of the waters.
14. What the author tries to suggest may best be interpreted as ________.
[A] “It’s no use crying over spilt milk”	[B] “More haste, less speed”
[C] “Look before you leap”	[D] “He who laughs last laughs best”
Text 2
Well, no gain without pain, they say. But what about pain without gain? Everywhere you go in America, you hear tales of corporate revival. What is harder to establish is whether the productivity revolution that businessmen assume they are presiding over is for real.
The official statistics are mildly discouraging. They show that, if you lump manufacturing and services together, productivity has grown on average by 1.2% since 1987. That is somewhat faster than the average during the previous decade. And since 1991, productivity has increased by about 2% a year, which is more than twice the 1978-87 average. The trouble is that part of the recent acceleration is due to the usual rebound that occurs at this point in a business cycle, and so is not conclusive evidence of a revival in the underlying trend. There is, as Robert Rubin, the treasury secretary, says, a “disjunction” between the mass of business anecdote that points to a leap in productivity and the picture reflected by the statistics.
Some of this can be easily explained. New ways of organizing the workplace -- all that re-engineering and downsizing -- are only one contribution to the overall productivity of an economy, which is driven by many other factors such as joint investment in equipment and machinery, new technology, and investment in education and training. Moreover, most of the changes that companies make are intended to keep them profitable, and this need not always mean increasing productivity: switching to new markets or improving quality can matter just as much.
Two other explanations are more speculative. First, some of the business restructuring of recent years may have been ineptly done. Second, even if it was well done, it may have spread much less widely than people suppose.
Leonard Schlesinger, a Harvard academic and former chief executive of Au Bong Pain, a rapidly growing chain of bakery cafes, says that much “re-engineering” has been crude. In many cases, he believes, the loss of revenue has been greater than the reductions in cost. His colleague, Michael Beer, says that far too many companies have applied re-engineering in a mechanistic fashion, chopping out costs without giving sufficient thought to long-term profitability. BBDO’s Al Rosenshine is blunter. He dismisses a lot of the work of re-engineering consultants as mere rubbish -- “the worst sort of ambulance chasing.”
15. According to the author, the American economic situation is ________.
[A] not as good as it seems	[B] at its turning point
[C] much better than it seems	[D] near to complete recovery
16. The official statistics on productivity growth ________.
[A] exclude the usual rebound in a business cycle	[B] fall short of businessmen’s anticipation
[C] meet the expectation of business people	[D] fail to reflect the true state of economy
17. The author raises the question “what about pain without gain?” because ________.
[A] he questions the truth of “no gain without pain”
[B] he does not think the productivity revolution works
[C] he wonders if the official statistics are misleading
[D] he has conclusive evidence for the revival of businesses
18. Which of the following statements is NOT mentioned in the passage?
[A] Radical reforms are essential for the increase of productivity.
[B] New ways of organizing workplaces may help to increase productivity.
[C] The reduction of costs is not a sure way to gain long-term profitability.
[D] The consultants are a bunch of good-for-nothings.
Text 3
Science has long had an uneasy relationship with other aspects of culture. Think of Gallileo’s 17th-century trial for his rebelling belief before the Catholic Church or poet William Blake’s harsh remarks against the mechanistic worldview of Isaac Newton. The schism between science and the humanities has, if anything, deepened in this century.
Until recently, the scientific community was so powerful that it could afford to ignore its critics -- but no longer. As funding for science has declined, scientists have attacked “anti-science” in several books, notably Higher Superstition, by Paul R. Gross, a biologist at the University of Virginia, and Norman Levitt, a mathematician at Rutgers University; and The Demon-Haunted World, by Carl Sagan of Cornell University.
Defenders of science have also voiced their concerns at meetings such as “The Flight from Science and Reason,” held in New York City in 1995, and “Science in the Age of (Mis) information,” which assembled last June near Buffalo.
Anti-science clearly means different things to different people. Gross and Levitt find fault primarily with sociologists, philosophers and other academics who have questioned science’s objectivity. Sagan is more concerned with those who believe in ghosts, creationism and other phenomena that contradict the scientific worldview.
A survey of news stories in 1996 reveals that the anti-science tag has been attached to many other groups as well, from authorities who advocated the elimination of the last remaining stocks of smallpox virus to Republicans who advocated decreased funding for basic research.
Few would dispute that the term applies to the Unabomber, whose manifesto, published in 1995, scorns science and longs for return to a pre-technological utopia. But surely that does not mean environmentalists concerned about uncontrolled industrial growth are anti-science, as an essay in US News & World Report last May seemed to suggest.
The environmentalists, inevitably, respond to such critics. The true enemies of science, argues Paul Ehrlich of Stanford University, a pioneer of environmental studies, are those who question the evidence supporting global warming, the depletion of the ozone layer and other consequences of industrial growth.
Indeed, some observers fear that the anti-science epithet is in danger of becoming meaningless. “The term ‘anti-science’ can lump together too many, quite different things,” notes Harvard University philosopher Gerald Holton in his 1993 work Science and Anti-Science. “They have in common only one thing that they tend to annoy or threaten those who regard themselves as more enlightened.”
19.The word “schism” (Line 4, Paragraph 1) in the context probably means ________.
[A] confrontation   [B] dissatisfaction   [C] separation   [D] contempt
20.  Paragraphs 2 and 3 are written to ________.
[A] discuss the cause of the decline of science’s power	[B] show the author’s sympathy with scientists
[C] explain the way in which science develops	[D] exemplify the division of science and the humanities
21.  Which of the following is true according to the passage?
[A] Environmentalists were blamed for anti-science in an essay.
[B] Politicians are not subject to the labeling of anti-science.
[C] The “more enlightened” tend to tag others as anti-science.
[D] Tagging environmentalists as “anti-science” is justifiable.
22.  The author’s attitude toward the issue of “science vs. anti-science” is ________.
[A] impartial   [B] subjective   [C] biased    [D] puzzling
Text 4
Emerging from the 1980 census is the picture of a nation developing more and more regional competition, as population growth in the Northeast and Midwest reaches a near standstill.
This development -- and its strong implications for US politics and economy in years ahead -- has enthroned the South as America’s most densely populated region for the first time in the history of the nation’s head counting.
Altogether, the US population rose in the 1970s by 23.2 million people -- numerically the third-largest growth ever recorded in a single decade. Even so, that gain adds up to only 11.4 percent, lowest in American annual records except for the Depression years.
Americans have been migrating south and west in larger numbers since World War II, and the pattern still prevails.
Three sun-belt states -- Florida, Texas and California -- together had nearly 10 million more people in 1980 than a decade earlier. Among large cities, San Diego moved from 14th to 8th and San Antonio from 15th to 10th -- with Cleveland and Washington. D. C., dropping out of the top 10.
Not all that shift can be attributed to the movement out of the snow belt, census officials say. Nonstop waves of immigrants played a role, too -- and so did bigger crops of babies as yesterday’s “baby boom” generation reached its child bearing years.
Moreover, demographers see the continuing shift south and west as joined by a related but newer phenomenon: More and more, Americans apparently are looking not just for places with more jobs but with fewer people, too. Some instances—
■Regionally, the Rocky Mountain states reported the most rapid growth rate -- 37.1 percent since 1970 in a vast area with only 5 percent of the US population.
■Among states, Nevada and Arizona grew fastest of all: 63.5 and 53.1 percent respectively. Except for Florida and Texas, the top 10 in rate of growth is composed of Western states with 7.5 million people -- about 9 per square mile.
The flight from overcrowdedness affects the migration from snow belt to more bearable climates.
Nowhere do 1980 census statistics dramatize more the American search for spacious living than in the Far West. There, California added 3.7 million to its population in the 1970s, more than any other state.
In that decade, however, large numbers also migrated from California, mostly to other parts of the West. Often they chose -- and still are choosing -- somewhat colder climates such as Oregon, Idaho and Alaska in order to escape smog, crime and other plagues of urbanization in the Golden State.
As a result, California’s growth rate dropped during the 1970s, to 18.5 percent -- little more than two thirds the 1960s’ growth figure and considerably below that of other Western states.
23. Discerned from the perplexing picture of population growth the 1980 census provided, America in 1970s ________.
[A] enjoyed the lowest net growth of population in history
[B] witnessed a southwestern shift of population
[C] underwent an unparalleled period of population growth
[D] brought to a standstill its pattern of migration since World War II
24. The census distinguished itself from previous studies on population movement in that ________.
[A] it stresses the climatic influence on population distribution
[B] it highlights the contribution of continuous waves of immigrants
[C] it reveals the Americans’ new pursuit of spacious living
[D] it elaborates the delayed effects of yesterday’s “baby boom”
25. We can see from the available statistics that ________.
[A] California was once the most thinly populated area in the whole US
[B] the top 10 states in growth rate of population were all located in the West
[C] cities with better climates benefited unanimously from migration
[D] Arizona ranked second of all states in its growth rate of population
26. The word “demographers” (Line 1, Paragraph 8) most probably means ________.
[A] people in favor of the trend of democracy	[B] advocates of migration between states
[C] scientists engaged in the study of population	[D] conservatives clinging to old patterns of life
Text 5
Scattered around the globe are more than 100 small regions of isolated volcanic activity known to geologists as hot spots. Unlike most of the world’s volcanoes, they are not always found at the boundaries of the great drifting plates that make up the earth’s surface; on the contrary, many of them lie deep in the interior of a plate. Most of the hot spots move only slowly, and in some cases the movement of the plates past them has left trails of dead volcanoes. The hot spots and their volcanic trails are milestones that mark the passage of the plates.
That the plates are moving is now beyond dispute. Africa and South America, for example, are moving away from each other as new material is injected into the sea floor between them. The complementary coastlines and certain geological features that seem to span the ocean are reminders of where the two continents were once joined. The relative motion of the plates carrying these continents has been constructed in detail, but the motion of one plate with respect to another cannot readily be translated into motion with respect to the earth’s interior. It is not possible to determine whether both continents are moving in opposite directions or whether one continent is stationary and the other is drifting away from it. Hot spots, anchored in the deeper layers of the earth, provide the measuring instruments needed to resolve the question. From an analysis of the hot-spot population it appears that the African plate is stationary and that it has not moved during the past 30 million years.
The significance of hot spots is not confined to their role as a frame of reference. It now appears that they also have an important influence on the geophysical processes that propel the plates across the globe. When a continental plate come to rest over a hot spot, the material rising from deeper layers creates a broad dome. As the dome grows, it develops deep fissures (cracks); in at least a few cases the continent may break entirely along some of these fissures, so that the hot spot initiates the formation of a new ocean. Thus just as earlier theories have explained the mobility of the continents, so hot spots may explain their mutability (inconstancy).
27. The author believes that ________.
[A] the motion of the plates corresponds to that of the earth’s interior
[B] the geological theory about drifting plates has been proved to be true
[C] the hot spots and the plates move slowly in opposite directions
[D] the movement of hot spots proves the continents are moving apart
28.  That Africa and South America were once joined can be deduced from the fact that ________.
[A] the two continents are still moving in opposite directions
[B] they have been found to share certain geological features
[C] the African plate has been stable for 30 million years
[D] over 100 hot spots are scattered all around the globe
29.  The hot spot theory may prove useful in explaining ________.
[A] the structure of the African plates	[B] the revival of dead volcanoes
[C] the mobility of the continents	[D] the formation of new oceans
30.  The passage is mainly about ________.
[A] the features of volcanic activities	[B] the importance of the theory about drifting plates
[C] the significance of hot spots in geophysical studies	[D] the process of the formation of volcanoes
Section IV	English-Chinese Translation
Directions:
Read the following passage carefully and then translate the underlined sentences into Chinese. Your translation must be written clearly on the ANSWER SHEET 2. (15 points)
They were, by far, the largest and most distant objects that scientists had ever detected: a strip of enormous cosmic clouds some 15 billion light-years from earth. 31) But even more important, it was the farthest that scientists had been able to look into the past, for what they were seeing were the patterns and structures that existed 15 billion years ago. That was just about the moment that the universe was born. What the researchers found was at once both amazing and expected: the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s Cosmic Background Explorer satellite -- Cobe -- had discovered landmark evidence that the universe did in fact begin with the primeval explosion that has become known as the Big Bang (the theory that the universe originated in an explosion from a single mass of energy).
32) The existence of the giant clouds was virtually required for the Big Bang, first put forward in the 1920s, to maintain its reign as the dominant explanation of the cosmos. According to the theory, the universe burst into being as a submicroscopic, unimaginably dense knot of pure energy that flew outward in all directions, emitting radiation as it went, condensing into particles and then into atoms of gas. Over billions of years, the gas was compressed by gravity into galaxies, stars, plants and eventually, even humans.
Cobe is designed to see just the biggest structures, but astronomers would like to see much smaller hot spots as well, the seeds of local objects like clusters and superclusters of galaxies. They shouldn’t have long to wait. 33) Astrophysicists working with ground-based detectors at the South Pole and balloon-borne instruments are closing in on such structures, and may report their findings soon.
34) If the small hot spots look as expected, that will be a triumph for yet another scientific idea, a refinement of the Big Bang called the inflationary universe theory. Inflation says that very early on, the universe expanded in size by more than a trillion trillion trillion trillion fold in much less than a second, propelled by a sort of antigravity. 35) Odd though it sounds, cosmic inflation is a scientifically plausible consequence of some respected ideas in elementary particle physics, and many astrophysicists have been convinced for the better part of a decade that it is true.
31.	________
32.	________
33.	________
34.	________
35.	________
Section V	Writing
Directions:
[A] Study the following cartoon carefully and write an essay in no less than 150 words.
[B] Your essay must be written clearly on the ANSWER SHEET 2. (15 points)
[C] Your essay should meet the requirements below:
1. Write out the messages conveyed by the cartoon.
2. Give your commentsn.

　　
注：图片上的文字是：
本母鸡承诺：
①本鸡下蛋不见棱不见角
②保证有蛋皮，蛋黄和蛋清     





　　　　　　　　　　1999年全国攻读硕士学位研究生入学考试英语试题
　　
　　　Part ⅠCloze Test
Directions：
　　　For each numbered blank in the following passage, there are four choices marked ［A］, ［B］, ［C］ and ［D］. Choose the best one and mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET 1 by blackening the corresponding letter in the brackets with a pencil. (10 points)
　　Industrial safety does not just happen. Companies  1   low accident rates plan their safety programs, work hard to organize them, and continue working to keep them  2  and active. When the work is well done, a  3  of accidentfree operations is established  4  time lost due to injuries is kept at a minimum.
　　Successful safety programs may  5  greatly in the emphasis placed on certain aspects of the program. Some place great emphasis on mechanical guarding. Others stress safe work practices by  6  rules or regulations.  7  others depend on an emotional appeal to the worker. But, there are certain basic ideas that must be used in every program if maximum results are to be obtained.
　　There can be no question about the value of a safety program. From a financial standpoint alone, safety  8  . The fewer the injury  9  , the better the workman’s insurance rate. This may mean the difference between operating at  10  or at a loss. 
　　1.［A］ at			［B］ in			［C］ on			［D］ with
　　2.［A］ alive			［B］ vivid		［C］ mobile			［D］ diverse
　　3.［A］ regulation	［B］ climate	［C］ circumstance	［D］ requirement
　　4.［A］ where		［B］ how		［C］ what			［D］ unless
　　5.［A］ alter			［B］ differ		［C］ shift			［D］ distinguish
　　6.［A］ constituting	［B］ aggravating	［C］ observing		［D］ justifying
　　7.［A］ Some		［B］ Many		［C］ Even			［D］ Still
　　8.［A］ comes off		［B］ turns up	［C］ pays off		［D］ holds up
　　9.［A］ claims		［B］ reports		［C］ declarations		［D］ proclamations
　　10.［A］ an advantage	［B］ a benefit	［C］ an interest		［D］ a profit
　　
　　　Part ⅡReading Comprehension
　　　Directions:
　　　Each of the passages below is followed by some questions. For each question there are four answers marked ［A］, ［B］, ［C］ and ［D］. Read the passages carefully and choose the best answer to each of the questions. Then mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET 1 by blackening the corresponding letter in the brackets with a pencil. (40 points)
　　　Passage 1
　　It’s a rough world out there. Step outside and you could break a leg slipping on your doormat. Light up the stove and you could burn down the house. Luckily, if the doormat or stove failed to warn of coming disaster, a successful lawsuit might compensate you for your troubles. Or so the thinking has gone since the early 1980s, when juries began holding more companies liable for their customers’ misfortunes. 
　　Feeling threatened, companies responded by writing everlonger warning labels, trying to anticipate every possible accident. Today, stepladders carry labels several inches long that warn, among other things, that you might—surprise!—fall off. The label on a child’s Batman cape cautions that the toy “does not enable user to fly”.
　　While warnings are often appropriate and necessary—the dangers of drug interactions, for example—and many are required by state or federal regulations, it isn’t clear that they actually protect the manufacturers and sellers from liability if a customer is injured. About 50 percent of the companies lose when injured customers take them to court.
　　Now the tide appears to be turning. As personal injury claims continue as before, some courts are beginning to side with defendants, especially in cases where a warning label probably wouldn’t have changed anything. In May, Julie Nimmons, president of Schutt Sports in Illinois, successfully fought a lawsuit involving a football player who was paralyzed in a game while wearing a Schutt helmet. “We’re really sorry he has become paralyzed, but helmets aren’t designed to prevent those kinds of injuries, ” says Nimmons. The jury agreed that the nature of the game, not the helmet, was the reason for the athlete’s injury. At the same time, the American Law Institute—a group of judges, lawyers, and academics whose recommendations carry substantial weight—issued new guidelines for tort law stating that companies need not warn customers of obvious dangers or bombard them with a lengthy list of possible ones. “Important information can get buried in a sea of trivialities, ” says a law professor at Cornell Law School who helped draft the new guidelines. If the moderate end of the legal community has its way, the information on products might actually be provided for the benefit of customers and not as protection against legal liability.
11. What were things like in 1980s when accidents happened?
　　［A］Customers might be relieved of their disasters through lawsuits.
　　［B］Injured customers could expect protection from the legal system. 
　　［C］Companies would avoid being sued by providing new warnings.
　　［D］Juries tended to find fault with the compensations companies promised.
12. Manufacturers as mentioned in the passage tend to. 
　　［A］satisfy customers by writing long warnings on products
　　［B］become honest in describing the inadequacies of their products 
　　［C］make the best use of labels to avoid legal liability
　　［D  feel obliged to view customers’ safety as their first concern 
13. The case of Schutt helmet demonstrated that.
　　［A］ some injury claims were no longer supported by law 
　　［B］ helmets were not designed to prevent injuries
　　［C］ product labels would eventually be discarded
　　［D］ some sports games might lose popularity with athletes
14. The author’s attitude towards the issue seems to be.
　　［A］ biased			［B］ indifferent		［C］ puzzling		［D］ objective
Passage 2
　　In the first year or so of Web business, most of the action has revolved around efforts to tap the consumer market. More recently, as the Web proved to be more than a fashion, companies have started to buy and sell products and services with one another. Such business to business sales make sense because business people typically know what product they’re looking for.
　　Nonetheless, many companies still hesitate to use the Web because of doubts about its reliability. “Businesses need to feel they can trust the pathway between them and the supplier,” says senior analyst Blane Erwin of Forrester Research. Some companies are limiting the risk by conducting online transactions only with established business partners who are given access to the company’s private intranet.
　　Another major shift in the model for Internet commerce concerns the technology available for marketing. Until recently, Internet marketing activities have focused on strategies to “pull” customers into sites. In the past year, however, software companies have developed tools that allow companies to “push” information directly out to consumers, transmitting marketing messages directly to targeted customers. Most notably, the Pointcast Network uses a screen saver to deliver a continually updated stream of news and advertisements to subscribers’ computer monitors. Subscribers can customize the information they want to receive and proceed directly to a company’s Web site. Companies such as Virtual Vineyards are already starting to use similar technologies to push messages to customers about special sales, product offerings, or other events. But push technology has earned the contempt of many Web users. Online culture thinks highly of the notion that the information flowing onto the screen comes there by specific request. Once commercial promotion begins to fill the screen uninvited, the distinction between the Web and television fades. That’s a prospect that horrifies Net purists.
　　But it is hardly inevitable that companies on the Web will need to resort to push strategies to make money. The examples of Virtual Vineyards, Amazon .com, and other pioneers show that a Web site selling the right kind of products with the right mix of interactivity, hospitality, and security will attract online customers. And the cost of computing power continues to free fall, which is a good sign for any enterprise setting up shop in silicon. People looking back 5 or 10 years from now may well wonder why so few companies took the online plunge.
15. We learn from the beginning of the passage that Web business. 
　　［A］has been striving to expand its market 	［B］intended to follow a fanciful fashion
　　［C］tried but in vain to control the market	［D］has been booming for one year or so
16. Speaking of the online technology available for marketing, the author implies that.
　　［A］the technology is popular with many Web users
　　［B］businesses have faith in the reliability of online transactions 
　　［C］there is a radical change in strategy         
　　［D］it is accessible limitedly to established partners
17. In the view of Net purists, .
　　［A］there should be no marketing messages in online culture 
　　［B］money making should be given priority to on the Web
　　［C］the Web should be able to function as the television set
　　［D］there should be no online commercial information without requests
18. We learn from the last paragraph that.
　　［A］pushing information on the Web is essential to Internet commerce
　　［B］interactivity, hospitality and security are important to online customers 
　　［C］leading companies began to take the online plunge decades ago
　　［D］setting up shops in silicon is independent of the cost of computing power
　　　Passage 3
　　An invisible border divides those arguing for computers in the classroom on the behalf of students’ career prospects and those arguing for computers in the classroom for broader reasons of radical educational reform. Very few writers on the subject have explored this distinction—indeed, contradiction—which goes to the heart of what is wrong with the campaign to put computers in the classroom.
　　An education that aims at getting a student a certain kind of job is a technical education, justified for reasons radically different from why education is universally required by law. It is not simply to raise everyone’s job prospects that all children are legally required to attend school into their teens. Rather, we have a certain conception of the American citizen, a character who is incomplete if he cannot competently assess how his livelihood and happiness are affected by things outside of himself. But this was not always the case; before it was legally required for all children to attend school until a certain age, it was widely accepted that some were just not equipped by nature to pursue this kind of education. With optimism characteristic of all industrialized countries, we came to accept that everyone is fit to be educated. Computereducation advocates forsake this optimistic notion for a pessimism that betrays their otherwise cheery outlook. Banking on the confusion between educational and vocational reasons for bringing computers into schools, computered advocates often emphasize the job prospects of graduates over their educational achievement.
　　There are some good arguments for a technical education given the right kind of student. Many European schools introduce the concept of professional training early on in order to make sure children are properly equipped for the professions they want to join. It is, however, presumptuous to insist that there will only be so many jobs for so many scientists, so many businessmen, so many accountants. Besides, this is unlikely to produce the needed number of every kind of professional in a country as large as ours and where the economy is spread over so many states and involves so many international corporations.
　　But, for a small group of students, professional training might be the way to go since welldeveloped skills, all other factors being equal, can be the difference between having a job and not. Of course, the basics of using any computer these days are very simple. It does not take a lifelong acquaintance to pick up various software programs. If one wanted to become a computer engineer, that is, of course, an entirely different story. Basic computer skills take—at the very longest—a couple of months to learn. In any case, basic computer skills are only complementary to the host of real skills that are necessary to becoming any kind of professional. It should be observed, of course, that no school, vocational or not, is helped by a confusion over its purpose. 
19.  The author thinks the present rush to put computers in the classroom is. 
　　［A］farreaching	［B］dubiously oriented 
　　［C］selfcontradictory	［D］radically reformatory
20.  The belief that education is indispensable to all children. 
　　［A］is indicative of a pessimism in disguise	
　　［B］came into being along with the arrival of computers
　　［C］is deeply rooted in the minds of computered advocates
　　［D］originated from the optimistic attitude of industrialized countries
21. It could be inferred from the passage that in the author’s country the European model of professional training is.
　　［A］dependent upon the starting age of candidates 	
　　［B］worth trying in various social sections
　　［C］of little practical value	
　　［D］attractive to every kind of professional
22. According to the author, basic computer skills should be. 
　　［A］included as an auxiliary course in school
　　［B］highlighted in acquisition of professional qualifications 
　　［C］mastered through a lifelong course   
　　［D］equally emphasized by any school, vocational or otherwise
　　　Passage 4
　　When a Scottish research team startled the world by revealing 3 months ago that it had cloned an adult sheep, President Clinton moved swiftly. Declaring that he was opposed to using this unusual animal husbandry technique to clone humans, he ordered that federal funds not be used for such an experiment—although no one had proposed to do so—and asked an independent panel of experts chaired by Princeton President Harold Shapiro to report back to the White House in 90 days with recommendations for a national policy on human cloning. That group—the National Bioethics Advisory Commission (NBAC)—has been working feverishly to put its wisdom on paper, and at a meeting on 17 May, members agreed on a nearfinal draft of their recommendations.
　　NBAC will ask that Clinton’s 90day ban on federal funds for human cloning be extended indefinitely, and possibly that it be made law. But NBAC members are planning to word the recommendation narrowly to avoid new restrictions on research that involves the cloning of human DNA or cells—routine in molecular biology. The panel has not yet reached agreement on a crucial question, however, whether to recommend legislation that would make it a crime for private funding to be used for human cloning.
　　In a draft preface to the recommendations, discussed at the 17 May meeting, Shapiro suggested that the panel had found a broad consensus that it would be “morally unacceptable to attempt to create a human child by adult nuclear cloning.” Shapiro explained during the meeting that the moral doubt stems mainly from fears about the risk to the health of the child. The panel then informally accepted several general conclusions, although some details have not been settled.
　　NBAC plans to call for a continued ban on federal government funding for any attempt to clone body cell nuclei to create a child. Because current federal law already forbids the use of federal funds to create embryos (the earliest stage of human offspring before birth) for research or to knowingly endanger an embryo’s life, NBAC will remain silent on embryo research.
　　NBAC members also indicated that they would appeal to privately funded researchers and clinics not to try to clone humans by body cell nuclear transfer. But they were divided on whether to go further by calling for a federal law that would impose a complete ban on human cloning. Shapiro and most members favored an appeal for such legislation, but in a phone interview, he said this issue was still “up in the air”.
23. We can learn from the first paragraph that.
　　［A］federal funds have been used in a project to clone humans
　　［B］the White House responded strongly to the news of cloning
　　［C］NBAC was authorized to control the misuse of cloning technique
　　［D］the White House has got the panel’s recommendations on cloning
24. The panel agreed on all of the following except that.
　　［A］the ban on federal funds for human cloning should be made a law 
　　［B］the cloning of human DNA is not to be put under more control
　　［C］it is criminal to use private funding for human cloning
　　［D］it would be against ethical values to clone a human being
25. NBAC will leave the issue of embryo research undiscussed because.
　　［A］embryo research is just a current development of cloning
　　［B］the health of the child is not the main concern of embryo research 
　　［C］an embryo’s life will not be endangered in embryo research
　　［D］the issue is explicitly stated and settled in the law
26. It can be inferred from the last paragraph that.
　　［A］some NBAC members hesitate to ban human cloning completely 
　　［B］a law banning human cloning is to be passed in no time
　　［C］privately funded researchers will respond positively to NBAC’s appeal 
　　［D］the issue of human cloning will soon be settled
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Passage 5
　　Science, in practice, depends far less on the experiments it prepares than on the preparedness of the minds of the men who watch the experiments. Sir Isaac Newton supposedly discovered gravity through the fall of an apple. Apples had been falling in many places for centuries and thousands of people had seen them fall. But Newton for years had been curious about the cause of the orbital motion of the moon and planets. What kept them in place? Why didn’t they fall out of the sky? The fact that the apple fell down toward the earth and not up into the tree answered the question he had been asking himself about those larger fruits of the heavens, the moon and the planets.
　　How many men would have considered the possibility of an apple falling up into the tree? Newton did because he was not trying to predict anything. He was just wondering. His mind was ready for the unpredictable. Unpredictability is part of the essential nature of research. If you don’t have unpredictable things, you don’t have research. Scientists tend to forget this when writing their cut and dried reports for the technical journals, but history is filled with examples of it.
　　In talking to some scientists, particularly younger ones, you might gather the impression that they find the “scientific method” a substitute for imaginative thought. I’ve attended research conferences where a scientist has been asked what he thinks about the advisability of continuing a certain experiment. The scientist has frowned, looked at the graphs, and said, “the data are still inconclusive.” “We know that,” the men from the budget office have said, “but what do you think? Is it worthwhile going on? What do you think we might expect?” The scientist has been shocked at having even been asked to speculate.
　　What this amounts to, of course, is that the scientist has become the victim of his own writings. He has put forward unquestioned claims so consistently that he not only believes them himself, but has convinced industrial and business management that they are true. If experiments are planned and carried out according to plan as faithfully as the reports in the science journals indicate, then it is perfectly logical for management to expect research to produce results measurable in dollars and cents. It is entirely reasonable for auditors to believe that scientists who know exactly where they are going and how they will get there should not be distracted by the necessity of keeping one eye on the cash register while the other eye is on the microscope. Nor, if regularity and conformity to a standard pattern are as desirable to the scientist as the writing of his papers would appear to reflect, is management to be blamed for discriminating against the “odd balls” among researchers in favor of more conventional thinkers who “work well with the team”.
27. The author wants to prove with the example of Isaac Newton that.
　　［A］inquiring minds are more important than scientific experiments
　　［B］science advances when fruitful researches are conducted 
　　［C］scientists seldom forget the essential nature of research
　　［D］unpredictability weighs less than prediction in scientific research
28. The author asserts that scientists.
　　［A］shouldn’t replace “scientific method”with imaginative thought 
　　［B］shouldn’t neglect to speculate on unpredictable things
　　［C］should write more concise reports for technical journals 
　　［D］should be confident about their research findings
29. It seems that some young scientists.
　　［A］have a keen interest in prediction	［B］often speculate on the future
　　［C］think highly of creative thinking	［D］stick to “scientific method”
30. The author implies that the results of scientific research.
　　［A］may not be as profitable as they are expected	
　　［B］can be measured in dollars and cents
　　［C］rely on conformity to a standard pattern	
　　［D］are mostly underestimated by management
　　
　　　Part Ⅲ EnglishChinese Translation
　　　Directions:
　　　Read the following passage carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation must be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (15 points)
　　31）While there are almost as many definitions of history as there are historians, modern practice most closely conforms to one that sees history as the attempt to recreate and explain the significant events of the past. Caught in the web of its own time and place, each generation of historians determines anew what is significant for it in the past. In this search the evidence found is always incomplete and scattered; it is also frequently partial or partisan. The irony of the historian’s craft is that its practitioners always know that their efforts are but contributions to an unending process.
　　32）Interest in historical methods has arisen less through external challenge to the validity of history as an intellectual discipline and more from internal quarrels among historians themselves. While history once revered its affinity to literature and philosophy, the emerging social sciences seemed to afford greater opportunities for asking new questions and providing rewarding approaches to an understanding of the past. Social science methodologies had to be adapted to a discipline governed by the primacy of historical sources rather than the imperatives of the contemporary world. 33）During this transfer, traditional historical methods were augmented by additional methodologies designed to interpret the new forms of evidence in the historical study.
　　Methodology is a term that remains inherently ambiguous in the historical profession. 34）There is no agreement whether methodology refers to the concepts peculiar to historical work in general or to the research techniques appropriate to the various branches of historical inquiry. Historians, especially those so blinded by their research interests that they have been accused of “tunnel method,” frequently fall victim to the “technical fallacy.” Also common in the natural sciences, the technicist fallacy mistakenly identifies the discipline as a whole with certain parts of its technical implementation. 
　　35）It applies equally to traditional historians who view history as only the external and internal criticism of sources, and to social science historians who equate their activity with specific techniques.
　　
　　　Section ⅣWriting(15 points)
　　
　　　36. Directions:
　　A. Study the following graphs carefully and write an essay in at less than 150 words.
　　B. Your essay must be written clearly on the ANSWER SHEET 2.
　　C. Your essay should cover three points:
　　a. effect of the country’s growing human population on its wildlife,
　　b. possible reasons for the effect,
　　c. your suggestion for wildlife protection
　　
       
　　　
　　
　　

2000年全国硕士研究生入学统一考试英语试题
Part ⅠClose Test
Directions：
　　　For each numbered blank in the following passage, there are four choices marked ［A］, ［B］, ［C］and ［D］. Choose the best one and mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET 1 by blackening the corresponding letter in the brackets with a pencil. (10 points)
　　①If a farmer wishes to succeed, he must try to keep a wide gap between his consumption and his production. ②He must store a large quantity of grain  1  consuming all his grain immediately. ③He can continue to support himself and his family  2  he produces a surplus. ④He must use this surplus in three ways: as seed for sowing, as an insurance  3  the unpredictable effects of bad weather and as a commodity which he must sell in order to  4  old agricultural implements and obtain chemical fertilizers to  5  the soil. ⑤He may also need money to construct irrigation  6  and improve his farm in other ways. ⑥If no surplus is available, a farmer cannot be  7  . ⑦He must either sell some of his property or  8  extra funds in the form of loans. ⑧Naturally he will try to borrow money at a low  9  of interest, but loans of this kind are not  10  obtainable. ［139 words］
1.［A］other than 		［B］as well as 		［C］instead of 		［D］more than
2.［A］only if			［B］much as		［C］long before		［D］ever since
3.［A］for				［B］against			［C］of			［D］towards
4.［A］replace			［B］purchase		［C］supplement		［D］dispose
5.［A］enhance			［B］mix			［C］feed			［D］raise
6.［A］vessels			［B］routes			［C］paths			［D］channels
7.［A］self-confident 	［B］self-sufficient	［C］self-satisfied 	［D］self-restrained
8.［A］search			［B］save			［C］offer			［D］seek 
9.［A］proportion		［B］percentage		［C］rate			［D］ratio
10.［A］genuinely		［B］obviously		［C］presumably		［D］frequently
Part ⅡReading Comprehension
Directions:
　　　Each of the passages below is followed by some questions. For each question there are four answers marked ［A］, ［B］, ［C］and ［D］. Read the passages carefully and choose the best answer to each of the questions. Then mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET 1 by blackening the corresponding letter in the brackets with a pencil. (40 points)
　　　Passage 1
　　①A history of long and effortless success can be a dreadful handicap, but, if properly handled, it may become a driving force. ②When the United States entered just such a glowing period after the end of the Second World War, it had a market eight times larger than any competitor, giving its industries unparalleled economies of scale. ③Its scientists were the worlds best; its workers the most skilled. ④(11)America and Americans were prosperous beyond the dreams of the Europeans and Asians whose economies the war had destroyed.
　　①It was inevitable that this primacy should have narrowed as other countries grew richer. ②Just as inevitably, the retreat from predominance proved painful. ③By the mid-1980s Americans had found themselves at a loss over their fading industrial competitiveness. ④Some huge American industries, such as consumer electronics, had shrunk or vanished in the face of foreign competition. ⑤By 1987 there was only one American television maker left, Zenith. ⑥(Now there is none: Zenith was bought by South Korea’s LG Electronics in July.) ⑦（12）Foreign-made cars and textiles were sweeping into the domestic market. America’s machine-tool industry was on the ropes. ⑧For a while it looked as though the making of semiconductors, which America had invented and which sat at the heart of the new computer age, was going to be the next casualty.
　　①All of this caused a crisis of confidence. ②Americans stopped taking prosperity for granted. ③They began to believe that their way of doing business was failing, and that their incomes would therefore shortly begin to fall as well. ④The mid-1980s brought one inquiry after another into the causes of America’s industrial decline. ⑤Their sometimes sensational findings were filled with warnings about the growing competition from overseas.
　　①How things have changed! ②In 1995 the United States can look back on five years of solid growth while Japan has been struggling. ③（14）Few Americans attribute this solely to such obvious causes as a devalued dollar or the turning of the business cycle. ④Self-doubt has yielded to blind pride. ⑤“American industry has changed its structure, has gone on a diet, has learnt to be more quick-witted,” according to Richard Cavanaugh, executive dean of Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government. ⑥“It makes me proud to be an American just to see how our businesses are improving their productivity,” says Stephen Moore of the Cato Institute, a think-tank in Washington, DC. ⑦And William Sahlman of the Harvard Business School believes that people will look back on this period as “a golden age of business management in the United States.”［429 words］
11. The U.S. achieved its predominance after World War II because.
　　［A］it had made painstaking efforts towards this goal 
　　［B］its domestic market was eight times larger than before
　　［C］the war had destroyed the economies of most potential competitors
　　［D］the unparalleled size of its workforce had given an impetus to its economy
12. The loss of U.S. predominance in the world economy in the 1980s is manifested in the fact that the American.
　　［A］TV industry had withdrawn to its domestic market
　　［B］semiconductor industry had been taken over by foreign enterprises
　　［C］machine-tool industry had collapsed after suicidal actions
　　［D］auto industry had lost part of its domestic market
13. What can be inferred from the passage?
　　［A］It is human nature to shift between self-doubt and blind pride.
　　［B］Intense competition may contribute to economic progress.
　　［C］The revival of the economy depends on international cooperation.
　　［D］A long history of success may pave the way for further development.
14. The author seems to believe the revival of the U.S. economy in the 1990s can be attributed to the.
　　［A］turning of the business cycle			［B］restructuring of industry
　　［C］improved business management			［D］success in education
　　　Passage 2
　　①（15）Being a man has always been dangerous. ②There are about 105 males born for every 100 females, but this ratio drops to near balance at the age of maturity, and among 70-year-olds there are twice as many women as men. ③But the great universal of male mortality is being changed. ④Now, boy babies survive almost as well as girls do. ⑤This means that, for the first time, there will be an excess of boys in those crucial years when they are searching for a mate. ⑥More important, another chance for natural selection has been removed. ⑦Fifty years ago, the chance of a baby (particularly a boy baby) surviving depended on its weight. A kilogram too light or too heavy meant almost certain death. ⑧Today it makes almost no difference. Since much of the variation is due to genes, one more agent of evolution has gone.
　　①There is another way to commit evolutionary suicide: stay alive, but have fewer children. ②Few people are as fertile as in the past. ③Except in some religious communities, very few women have 15 children. ④Nowadays the number of births, like the age of death, has become average. ⑤Most of us have roughly the same number of offspring. ⑥（16）Again, differences between people and the opportunity for natural selection to take advantage of it have diminished. ⑦India shows what is happening. The country offers wealth for a few in the great cities and poverty for the remaining tribal peoples. ⑧The grand mediocrity of today—everyone being the same in survival and number of offspring—means that natural selection has lost 80% of its power in upper-middle-class India compared to the tribes.
　　For us, this means that evolution is over; the biological Utopia has arrived. ②Strangely, it has involved little physical change. ③No other species fills so many places in nature. ④But in the past 100, 000 years—even the past 100 years—our lives have been transformed but our bodies have not. ⑤（17）We did not evolve, because machines and society did it for us. ⑥Darwin had a phrase to describe those ignorant of evolution: they “look at an organic being as a savage looks at a ship, as at something wholly beyond his comprehension.”⑦No doubt we will remember a 20th century way of life beyond comprehension for its ugliness. But however amazed our descendants may be at how far from Utopia we were, they will look just like us.［406 words］
15. What used to be the danger in being a man according to the first paragraph? 
　　［A］A lack of mates.					［B］A fierce competition.
　　［C］A lower survival rate.				［D］A defective gene.
16. What does the example of India illustrate?
　　［A］Wealthy people tend to have fewer children than poor people.
　　［B］Natural selection hardly works among the rich and the poor.
　　［C］The middle class population is 80% smaller than that of the tribes.
　　［D］India is one of the countries with a very high birth rate.
17. The author argues that our bodies have stopped evolving because.
　　［A］life has been improved by technological advance
　　［B］the number of female babies has been declining
　　［C］our species has reached the highest stage of evolution
　　［D］the difference between wealth and poverty is disappearing
18. Which of the following would be the best title for the passage?
　　［A］Sex Ratio Changes in Human Evolution.
　　［B］Ways of Continuing Man’s Evolution.
　　［C］The Evolutionary Future of Nature.
　　［D］Human Evolution Going Nowhere.
　　　Passage 3
　　①（20）When a new movement in art attains a certain fashion, it is advisable to find out what its advocates are aiming at, for, however farfetched and unreasonable their principles may seem today, it is possible that in years to come they may be regarded as normal. ②With regard to Futurist poetry, however, the case is rather difficult, for whatever Futurist poetry may be—even admitting that the theory on which it is based may be right—it can hardly be classed as Literature.
　　①This, in brief, is what the Futurist says: for a century, past conditions of life have been conditionally speeding up, till now we live in a world of noise and violence and speed. ②Consequently, our feelings, thoughts and emotions have undergone a corresponding change. ③（21）This speeding up of life, says the Futurist, requires a new form of expression. ④We must speed up our literature too, if we want to interpret modern stress. ⑤We must pour out a large stream of essential words, unhampered by stops, or qualifying adjectives, or finite verbs. ⑥Instead of describing sounds we must make up words that imitate them; we must use many sizes of type and different colored inks on the same page, and shorten or lengthen words at will.
　　①Certainly their descriptions of battles are confused. ②But it is a little upsetting to read in the explanatory notes that a certain line describes a fight between a Turkish and a Bulgarian officer on a bridge off which they both fall into the river —and then to find that the line consists of the noise of their falling and the weights of the officers:  “Pluff! Pluff! A hundred and eighty-five kilograms.”
　　①（22）This, though it fulfills the laws and requirements of Futurist poetry, can hardly be classed as Literature. ②All the same, no thinking man can refuse to accept their first proposition: that a great change in our emotional life calls for a change of expression. ③The whole question is really this: have we essentially changed?［334 words］
19. This passage is mainly.
　　［A］a survey of new approaches to art
　　［B］a review of Futurist poetry
　　［C］about merits of the Futurist movement
　　［D］about laws and requirements of literature
20. When a novel literary idea appears, people should try to.
　　［A］determine its purposes			［B］ignore its flaws
　　［C］follow the new fashions			［D］accept the principles
21. Futurists claim that we must.
　　［A］increase the production of literature 
　　［B］use poetry to relieve modern stress
　　［C］develop new modes of expression
　　［D］avoid using adjectives and verbs
22. The author believes that Futurist poetry is.
　　［A］based on reasonable principles
　　［B］new and acceptable to ordinary people
　　［C］indicative of a basic change in human nature  
　　［D］more of a transient phenomenon than literature
　　　Passage 4
　　①（23）Aimlessness has hardly been typical of the postwar Japan whose productivity and social harmony are the envy of the United States and Europe. ②But increasingly the Japanese are seeing a decline of the traditional work-moral values. ③Ten years ago young people were hardworking and saw their jobs as their primary reason for being, but now Japan has largely fulfilled its economic needs, and young people don’t know where they should go next.
　　①The coming of age of the postwar baby boom and an entry of women into the male-dominated job market have limited the opportunities of teen-agers who are already questioning the heavy personal sacrifices involved in climbing Japan’s rigid social ladder to good schools and jobs. ②In a recent survey, it was found that only 24.5 percent of Japanese students were fully satisfied with school life, compared with 67.2 percent of students in the United States. ③In addition, far more Japanese workers expressed dissatisfaction with their jobs than did their counterparts in the 10 other countries surveyed. 
　　①While often praised by foreigners for its emphasis on the basics, Japanese education tends to stress test taking and mechanical learning over creativity and self-expression. ②（25）“Those things that do not show up in the test scores—personality, ability, courage or humanity—are completely ignored,” says Toshiki Kaifu, chairman of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party’s education committee. ③“Frustration against this kind of thing leads kids to drop out and run wild.” ④Last year Japan experienced 2，125 incidents of school violence, including 929 assaults on teachers. ⑤Amid the outcry, many conservative leaders are seeking a return to the prewar emphasis on moral education. ⑥Last year Mitsuo Setoyama, who was then education minister, raised eyebrows when he argued that liberal reforms introduced by the American occupation authorities after World War II had weakened the “Japanese morality of respect for parents.”
　　①（26）But that may have more to do with Japanese life-styles. ②“In Japan,” says educator Yoko Muro, “it’s never a question of whether you enjoy your job and your life, but only how much you can endure.” ③With economic growth has come centralization; fully 76 percent of Japan’s 119 million citizens live in cities where community and the extended family have been abandoned in favor of isolated, two-generation households. ④Urban Japanese have long endured lengthy commutes (travels to and from work) and crowded living conditions, but as the old group and family values weaken, the discomfort is beginning to tell. ⑤In the past decade, the Japanese divorce rate, while still well below that of the United States, has increased by more than 50 percent, and suicides have increased by nearly one-quarter.［447 words］
23. In the Westerners’ eyes, the postwar Japan was.
　　［A］under aimless development		［B］a positive example
　　［C］a rival to the West				［D］on the decline
24. According to the author, what may chiefly be responsible for the moral decline of Japanese society?
　　［A］Women’s participation in social activities is limited.
　　［B］More workers are dissatisfied with their jobs.
　　［C］Excessive emphasis has been placed on the basics.
　　［D］The life-style has been influenced by Western values.
25. Which of the following is true according to the author?
　　［A］Japanese education is praised for helping the young climb the social ladder.
　　［B］Japanese education is characterized by mechanical learning as well as creativity.
　　［C］More stress should be placed on the cultivation of creativity.
　　［D］Dropping out leads to frustration against test taking.
26. The change in Japanese life-style is revealed in the fact that.
　　［A］the young are less tolerant of discomforts in life
　　［B］the divorce rate in Japan exceeds that in the U.S.
　　［C］the Japanese endure more than ever before
　　［D］the Japanese appreciate their present life
　　　Passage 5
　　①（27）If ambition is to be well regarded, the rewards of ambition—wealth, distinction, control over one’s destiny—must be deemed worthy of the sacrifices made on ambition’s behalf. ②If the tradition of ambition is to have vitality, it must be widely shared; and it especially must be highly regarded by people who are themselves admired, the educated not least among them. ③（28）In an odd way, however, it is the educated who have claimed to have given up on ambition as an ideal. ④What is odd is that they have perhaps most benefited from ambition—if not always their own then that of their parents and grandparents. ⑤There is a heavy note of hypocrisy in this, a case of closing the barn door after the horses have escaped—with the educated themselves riding on them. 
　　①Certainly people do not seem less interested in success and its signs now than formerly. ②Summer homes, European travel, BMWs—the locations, place names and name brands may change, but such items do not seem less in demand today than a decade or two years ago.③（29）What has happened is that people cannot confess fully to their dreams, as easily and openly as once they could, lest they be thought pushing, acquisitive and vulgar. ④Instead, we are treated to fine hypocritical spectacles, which now more than ever seem in ample supply: the critic of American materialism with a Southampton summer home; the publisher of radical books who takes his meals in three-star restaurants; the journalist advocating participatory democracy in all phases of life, whose own children are enrolled in private schools. ⑤For such people and many more perhaps not so exceptional, the proper formulation is, “Succeed at all costs but avoid appearing ambitious.” 
　　①The attacks on ambition are many and come from various angles; its public defenders are few and unimpressive, where they are not extremely unattractive. ②As a result, the support for ambition as a healthy impulse, a quality to be admired and fixed in the mind of the young, is probably lower than it has ever been in the United States. ③This does not mean that ambition is at an end, that people no longer feel its stirrings and promptings, but only that, no longer openly honored, it is less openly professed. ④Consequences follow from this, of course, some of which are that ambition is driven underground, or made sly. ⑤Such, then, is the way things stand: on the left angry critics, on the right stupid supporters, and in the middle, as usual, the majority of earnest people trying to get on in life. ［431 words］
27. It is generally believed that ambition may be well regarded if.
　　［A］its returns well compensate for the sacrifices
　　［B］it is rewarded with money, fame and power
　　［C］its goals are spiritual rather than material 
　　［D］it is shared by the rich and the famous
28. The last sentence of the first paragraph most probably implies that it is.
　　［A］customary of the educated to discard ambition in words
　　［B］too late to check ambition once it has been let out
　　［C］dishonest to deny ambition after the fulfillment of the goal
　　［D］impractical for the educated to enjoy benefits from ambition
29. Some people do not openly admit they have ambition because.
　　［A］they think of it as immoral
　　［B］their pursuits are not fame or wealth
　　［C］ambition is not closely related to material benefits
　　［D］they do not want to appear greedy and contemptible
30. From the last paragraph the conclusion can be drawn that ambition should be maintained.
　　［A］secretly and vigorously		［B］openly and enthusiastically
　　［C］easily and momentarily		［D］verbally and spiritually
Part ⅢEnglish-Chinese Translation
　　　Directions:
　　　Read the following passage carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation must be written neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (15 points)
　　Governments throughout the world act on the assumption that the welfare of their people depends largely on the economic strength and wealth of the community. 31）Under modern conditions, this requires varying measures of centralized control and hence the help of specialized scientists such as economists and operational research experts. 32）Furthermore, it is obvious that the strength of a country’s economy is directly bound up with the efficiency of its agriculture and industry, and that this in turn rests upon the efforts of scientists and technologists of all kinds. It also means that governments are increasingly compelled to interfere in these sectors in order to step up production and ensure that it is utilized to the best advantage. For example, they may encourage research in various ways, including the setting up of their own research centers; they may alter the structure of education, or interfere in order to reduce the wastage of natural resources or tap resources hitherto unexploited; or they may cooperate directly in the growing number of international projects related to science, economics and industry. In any case, all such interventions are heavily dependent on scientific advice and also scientific and technological manpower of all kinds.
　　33）Owing to the remarkable development in mass-communications, people everywhere are feeling new wants and are being exposed to new customs and ideas, while governments are often forced to introduce still further innovations for the reasons given above. At the same time, the normal rate of social change throughout the world is taking place at a vastly accelerated speed compared with the past. For example, 34）in the early industrialized countries of Europe the process of industrialization—with all the far-reaching changes in social patterns that followed—was spread over nearly a century, whereas nowadays a developing nation may undergo the same process in a decade or so. All this has the effect of building up unusual pressures and tensions within the community and consequently presents serious problems for the governments concerned. 35）Additional social stresses may also occur because of the population explosion or problems arising from mass migration movements—themselves made relatively easy nowadays by modern means of transport. As a result of all these factors, governments are becoming increasingly dependent on biologists and social scientists for planning the appropriate programs and putting them into effect. ［390 words］
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Section ⅣWriting(15 points)
　　　36.Directions:
　　A. Study the following two pictures carefully and write an essay of at least 150 words.
　　B. Your essay must be written neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2.
　　C. Your essay should meet the requirements below:
　　1）Describe the pictures.
　　2）Deduce the purpose of the painter of the pictures.
　　3）Suggest counter-measures.
　　

2001年全国攻读硕士学位研究生入学考试英语试题
Part I Cloze Test

Directions：
　　　For each numbered blank in the following passage, there are four choices marked [A], [B], [C] and [D]. Choose the best one and mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET 1 by blackening the corresponding letter in the brackets with a pencil. (10 points)

　　The government is to ban payments to witnesses by newspapers seeking to buy up people involved in prominent cases   	1    the trial of Rosemary West.
　　In a significant    2   of legal controls over the press, Lord Irvine, the Lord Chancellor, will introduce a   3   bill that will propose making payments to witnesses    4  and will strictly control the amount of    5   that can be given to a case    6    a trial begins.
　　In a letter to Gerald Kaufman, chairman of the House of Commons media select committee, Lord Irvine said he   7	  with a committee report this year which said that self regulation did not  8  sufficient control.
　　   9   of the letter came two days after Lord Irvine caused a  	10  of media protest when he said the   11   of privacy controls contained in European legislation would be left to judges   12  to Parliament.
　　The Lord Chancellor said introduction of the Human Rights Bill, which   13   the European Convention on Human Rights legally   14  in Britain, laid down that everybody was   15   to privacy and that public figures could go to court to protect themselves and their families.
　　“Press freedoms will be in safe hands   16   our British judges,” he said.
　　Witness payments became an    17    after West was sentenced to 10 life sentences in 1995. Up to 19 witnesses were   18   to have received payments for telling their stories to newspapers. Concerns were raised   19   witnesses might be encouraged exaggerate their stories in court to   20   guilty verdicts. 
　　
1.［A］as to 	［B］for instance 	［C］in particular   	［D］such as
2.［A］tightening    	［B］intensifying 	［C］focusing    		［D］fastening  
3.［A］sketch        	［B］rough    	［C］preliminary		［D］draft
4.［A］illogical     	［B］illegal     	［C］improbable   	［D］improper
5.［A］publicity     	［B］penalty   	［C］popularity    	［D］peculiarity
6.［A］since         	［B］if        	［C］before       	［D］as
7.［A］sided         	［B］shared    	［C］complied     	［D］agreed　
8.［A］present       	［B］offer       	［C］manifest     	［D］indicate 
9.［A］Release       	［B］Publication  	［C］Printing     		［D］Exposure　　
10.［A］storm     	［B］rage　     	［C］flare       		［D］flash
11.［A］translation   	［B］interpretation ［C］exhibition  		［D］demonstration
12.［A］better than  	［B］other than   	［C］rather than   		［D］sooner than 
13.［A］changes      	［B］makes    	［C］sets        		［D］turns　
14.［A］binding      	［B］convincing  	［C］restraining  		［D］sustaining 
15.［A］authorized   	［B］credited    	［C］entitled   		［D］qualified　
16.［A］with         	［B］to          	［C］from      		［D］by
17.［A］impact       	［B］incident     	［C］inference    		［D］issue　
18.［A］stated       	［B］remarked  	［C］said        		［D］told 
19.［A］what        	［B］when     	［C］which      		［D］that
20.［A］assure       	［B］confide     	［C］ensure     		［D］guarantee

Part II Reading Comprehension

Directions:
　　　Each of the passages below is followed by some questions. For each questions there are four answers marked [A], [B], [C] and [D]. Read the passages carefully and choose the best answer to each of the questions. Then mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET 1 by blackening the corresponding letter in the brackets with a pencil. (40 points)
Passage 1
	Specialisation can be seen as a response to the problem of an increasing accumulation of scientific knowledge. By splitting up the subject matter into smaller units，one man could continue to handle the information and use it as the basis for further research. But specialisation was only one of a series of related developments in science affecting the process of communication. Another was the growing professionalisation of scientific activity. 
　　No clear-cut distinction can be drawn between professionals and amateurs in science: exceptions can be found to any rule. Nevertheless, the word “amateur” does carry a connotation that the person concerned is not fully integrated into the scientific community and, in particular, may not fully share its values. The growth of specialisation in the nineteenth century, with its consequent requirement of a longer, more complex training, implied greater problems for amateur participation in science. The trend was naturally most obvious in those areas of science based especially on a mathematical or laboratory training, and can be illustrated in terms of the development of geology in the United Kingdom.
	A comparison of British geological publications over the last century and a half reveals not simply an increasing emphasis on the primacy of research, but also a changing definition of what constitutes an acceptable research paper. Thus, in the nineteenth century, local geological studies represented worthwhile research in their own right; but, in the twentieth century, local studies have increasingly become acceptable to professionals only if they incorporate, and reflect on, the wider geological picture. Amateurs, on the other hand, have continued to pursue local studies in the old way. The overall result has been to make entrance to professional geological journals harder for amateurs, a result that has been reinforced by the widespread introduction of refereeing, first by national journals in the nineteenth century and then by several local geological journals in the twentieth century. As a logical consequence of this development, separate journals have now appeared aimed mainly towards either professional or amateur readership. A rather similar process of differentiation has led to professional geologists coming together nationally within one or two specific societies, whereas the amateurs have tended either to remain in local societies or to come together nationally in a different way.
	Although the process of professionalisation and specialisation was already well under way in British geology during the nineteenth century, its full consequences were thus delayed until the twentieth century. In science generally, however, the nineteenth century must be reckoned as the crucial period for this change in the structure of science.
21. The growth of specialisation in the 19th century might be more clearly seen in sciences such as _______.
　　[AJ sociology and chemistry              		[B] physics and psychology
　　[C] sociology and psychology            	 	[D] physics and chemistry
22.	We can infer from the passage that _______.
　　[A] there is little distinction between specialisation and professionalisation
　　[B] amateurs can compete with professionals in some areas of science
　　[C] professionals tend to welcome amateurs into the scientific community
　　[D] amateurs have national academic societies but no local ones
23. The author writes of the development of geology to demonstrate ______.
　　[A] the process of specialisation and professionalisation
　　[B] the hardship of amateurs in scientific study
　　[C] the change of policies in scientific publications
　　[D] the discrimination of professionals against amateurs
24.	The direct reason for specialisation is _______.
　　[A] the development in communication				[B] the growth of professionalisation
　　[C] the expansion of scientific knowledge			[D] the splitting up of academic societies

Passage 2
	A great deal of attention is being paid today to the so-called digital divide-the division of the world into the info (information) rich and the info poor. And that divide does exist today. My wife and I lectured about this looming danger twenty years ago. What was less visible then, however, were the new, positive forces that work against the digital divide. There are reasons to be optimistic. 
	There are technological reasons to hope the digital divide will narrow. As the Internet becomes more and more commercialized, it is in the interest of business to universalize access-after all, the more people online, the more potential customers there are. More and more governments, afraid their countries will be left behind, want to spread Internet access. Within the next decade or two, one to two billion people on the planet will he netted together. As a result, I now believe the digital divide will narrow rather than widen in the years ahead. And that is very good news because the Internet may well be the most powerful tool for combating world poverty that we’ve ever had.
	Of course, the use of the Internet isn’t the only way to defeat poverty. And the Internet is not the only tool we have. But it has enormous potential. 
	To take advantage of this tool, some impoverished countries will have to get over their outdated anti-colonial prejudices with respect to foreign investment. Countries that still think foreign investment is an invasion of their sovereignty might well study the history of infrastructure（the basic structural foundations of a society）in the United States. When the United States built its industrial infrastructure, it didn’t have the capital to do so. And that is why America’s Second Wave infrastructure-including roads, harbors, highways, ports and so on-were built with foreign investment. The English, the Germans, the Dutch and the French were investing in Britain’s former colony. They financed them. Immigrant Americans built them. Guess who owns them now? The Americans. I believe the same thing would be true in places like Brazil or anywhere else for that matter. The more foreign capital you have helping you build your Third Wave infrastructure, which today is an electronic infrastructure, the better off you’re going to be. That doesn't mean lying down and becoming fooled, or letting foreign corporations run uncontrolled. But it does mean recognizing how important they can be in building the energy and telecom infrastructures needed to take full advantage of the Internet. 

25.	Digital divide is something _______.
　　[A] getting worse because of the Internet		
　　[B] the rich countries are responsible for
　　[C] the world must guard against		
　　[D] considered positive today
26.	Governments attach importance to the Internet because it _______.
　　[A] offers economic potentials		
　　[B] can bring foreign funds
　　[C] can soon wipe out world poverty		
　　[D] connects people all over the world
27.	The writer mentioned the case of the United States to justify the policy of _______.
　　[A] providing financial support overseas		
　　[B] preventing foreign capital’s control
　　[C] building industrial infrastructure		
　　[D] accepting foreign investment
28.  It seems that now a country’s economy depends much on ______.
　　[A] how well-developed it is electronically	
　　[B] whether it is prejudiced against immigrants
　　[C] whether it adopts America’s industrial pattern	
　　[D] how much control it has over foreign corporations
　　
Passage 3
	Why do so many Americans distrust what they read in their newspapers? The American Society of Newspaper Editors is trying to answer this painful question. The organization is deep into a long self-analysis known as the journalism credibility project.
	Sad to say, this project has turned out to be mostly low-level findings about factual errors and spelling and grammar mistakes, combined with lots of headscratching puzzlement about what in the world those readers really want.
	But the sources of distrust go way deeper. Most journalists learn to see the world through a set of standard templates (patterns) into which they plug each day’s events. In other words, there is a conventional story line in the newsroom culture that provides a backbone and a ready-made narrative structure for otherwise confusions news.
	There exists a social and cultural disconnect between journalists and their readers which helps explain why the “standard templates”of the newsroom seem alien many readers. In a recent survey, questionnaires were sent to reporters in five middle size cities around the country, plus one large metropolitan area. Then residents in these communities were phoned at random and asked the same questions.
	Replies show that compared with other Americans, journalists are more likely to live in upscale neighborhoods, have maids, own Mercedeses, and trade stocks, and they’re less likely to go to church, do volunteer work, or put down roots in community.
	Reporters tend to be part of a broadly defined social and cultural elite, so their work tends to reflect the conventional values of this elite. The astonishing distrust of the news media isn’t rooted in inaccuracy or poor reportorial skills but in the daily clash of world views between reporters and their readers.
	This is an explosive situation for any industry, particularly a declining one. Here is a troubled business that keeps hiring employees whose attitudes vastly annoy the customers. Then it sponsors lots of symposiums and a credibility project dedicated to wondering why customers are annoyed and fleeing in large numbers. But it never seems to get around to noticing the cultural and class biases that so many former buyers are complaining about. If it did, it would open up its diversity program, now focused narrowly on race and gender, and look for reporters who differ broadly by outlook, values, education, and class.

29.	What is the passage mainly about?
　　[A] needs of the readers all over the world.
　　[B] causes of the public disappointment about newspapers.
　　[C] origins of the declining newspaper industry.
　　[D] aims of a journalism credibility project.
30.	The results of the journalism credibility project turned out to be ______.
　　[A] quite trustworthy                     	[B] somewhat contradictory
　　[C] very illuminating                     	[D] rather superficial
31. The basic problem of journalists as pointed out by the writer lies in their ______.
　　[A] working attitude                      	[B] conventional lifestyle
　　[C] world outlook                      	[D] educational background
32.	Despite its efforts, the newspaper industry still cannot satisfy the readers owing to its_______.
　　[A] failure to realize its real problem		  	[B] tendency to hire annoying reporters
　　[C] likeliness to do inaccurate reporting      	[D] prejudice in matters of race and gender
　　
Passage 4
	The world is going through the biggest wave of mergers and acquisitions ever witnessed. The process sweeps from hyperactive America to Europe and reaches the emerging countries with unsurpassed might. Many in these countries are looking at this process and worrying: "Won't the wave of business concentration turn into an uncontrollable anti-competitive force?"
	There's no question that the big are getting bigger and more powerful. Multinational corporations accounted for less than 20% of international trade in 1982. Today the figure is more than 25% and growing rapidly. International affiliates account for a fast-growing segment of production in economies that open up and welcome foreign investment. In Argentina, for instance, after the reforms of the early 1990s, multinationals went from 43% to almost 70% of the industrial production of the 200 largest firms. This phenomenon has created serious concerns over the role of smaller economic firms, of national businessmen and over the ultimate stability of the world economy.
	I believe that the most important forces behind the massive M&A wave are the same that underlie the globalization process: falling transportation and communication costs, lower trade and investment barriers and enlarged markets that require enlarged operations capable of meeting customers' demands. All these are beneficial, not detrimental, to consumers. As productivity grows, the world's wealth increases.
	Examples of benefits or costs of the current concentration wave are scanty. Yet it is hard to imagine that the merger of a few oil firms today could re-create the same threats to competition that were feared nearly a century ago in the U.S., when the Standard Oil trust was broken up. The mergers of telecom companies, such as WorldCom, hardly seem to bring higher prices for consumers or a reduction in the pace of technical progress. On the contrary, the price of communications is coming down fast. In cars, too, concentration is increasing-witness Daimler and Chrysler, Renault and Nissan-but it does not appear that consumers are being hurt.
	Yet the fact remains that the merger movement must be watched. A few weeks ago, Alan Greenspan warned against the megamergers in the banking industry. Who is going to supervise, regulate and operate as lender of last resort with the gigantic banks that are being created? Won't multinationals shift production from one place to another when a nation gets too strict about infringements to fair competition? And should one country take upon itself the role of “defending competition” on issues that affect many other nations, as in the U S. vs. Microsoft case ?

33. What is the typical trend of businesses today?
　　[A] to take in more foreign funds.           	[B] to invest more abroad.
　　[C] to combine and become bigger.       	[D] to trade with more countries.
34.	According to the author, one of the driving forces behind M&A wave is ______
　　[A] the greater customer demands.     	[B] a surplus supply for the market.
　　[C] a growing productivity.            	[D] the increase of the world's wealth.
35.	From paragraph 4 we can infer that ______.
　　[A] the increasing concentration is certain to hurt consumers
　　[B] WorldCom serves as a good example of both benefits and costs
　　[C] the costs of the globalization process are enormous
　　[D] the Standard Oil trust might have threatened competition
36.	Toward the new business wave, the writer's attitude can he said to be _______.
　　[A] optimistic                   	[B] objective
　　[C] pessimistic                  	[D] biased
　　
Passage 5
	When I decided to quit my full time employment it never occurred to me that I might become a part of a new international trend. A lateral move that hurt my pride and blocked my professional progress prompted me to abandon my relatively high profile career although, in the manner of a disgraced government minister, I covered my exit by claiming “I wanted to spend more time with my family”.
	Curiously, some two-and-a-half years and two novels later, my experiment in what the Americans term “downshifting”has turned my tired excuse into an absolute reality. I have been transformed from a passionate advocate of the philosophy of “having it all”, preached by Linda Kelsey for the past seven years in the pages of She magazine, into a woman who is happy to settle for a bit of everything.
	I have discovered, as perhaps Kelsey will after her much-publicized resignation from the editorship of She after a build-up of stress, that abandoning the doctrine of “juggling your life”, and making the alternative move into “downshifting” brings with it far greater rewards than financial success and social status. Nothing could persuade me to return to the kind of life Kelsey used to advocate and I once enjoyed: 12-hour working days, pressured deadlines, the fearful strain of office politics and the limitations of being a parent on “quality time”.
	In America, the move away from juggling to a simpler, less materialistic lifestyle is a well-established trend. Downshifting-also known in America as “voluntary simplicity” has, ironically, even bred a new area of what might be termed anticonsumerism. There are a number of bestselling downshifting self-help books for people who want to simplify their lives; there are newsletter's, such as The Tightwad Gazette, that give hundreds of thousands of Americans useful tips on anything from recycling their cling-film to making their own soap; there are even support groups for those who want to achieve the mid- '90s equivalent of dropping out.
	While in America the trend started as a reaction to the economic decline——after the mass redundancies caused by downsizing in the late’80s——and is still linked to the politics of thrift, in Britain, at least among the middle-class downshifters of my acquaintance, we have different reasons for seeking to simplify our lives.
	For the women of my generation who were urged to keep juggling through the’80s, downshifting in the mid-'90s is not so much a search for the mythical good life——growing your own organic vegetables, and risking turning into one——as a personal recognition of your limitations. 

37. Which of the following is true according to paragraph 1?
　　[A] Full-time employment is a new international trend.
　　[B] The writer was compelled by circumstances to leave her job.
　　[C] “A lateral move” means stepping out of full-time employment.
　　[D] The writer was only too eager to spend more time with her family.
38. The writer’s experiment shows that downshifting ____
　　[A] enables her to realize her dream	[B] helps her mold a new philosophy of life
　　[C] prompts her to abandon her high social status	[D] leads her to accept the doctrine of She magazine
39. “Juggling one’s life” probably means living a life characterized by_____. 
　　[A] non-materialistic lifestyle          	[B] a bit of everything
　　[C] extreme stress                       	[D] anti-consumerism
40. According to the passage, downshifting emerged in the U.S. as a result of _____
　　[A] the quick pace of modern life      	[B] man’s adventurous spirit
　　[C] man’s search for mythical experiences     	[D] the economic situation
　　
Part III English-Chinese Translation

Directions:
  Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (15 points)
　　
　　In less than 30 years’ time the Star Trek holodeck will be a reality. Direct links between the brain’s nervous system and a computer will also create full sensory virtual environments, allowing virtual vacations like those in the film Total Recall. 
　　41）There will be television chat shows hosted by robots, and cars with pollution monitors that will disable them when they offend. 42）Children will play with dolls equipped with personality chips, computers with in-built personalities will be regarded as workmates rather than tools, relaxation will be in front of smell television, and digital age will have arrived. 
　　According to BT’s futurologist, Ian Pearson, these are among the developments scheduled for the first few decades of the new millennium（a period of 1,000 years）, when supercomputers will dramatically accelerate progress in all areas of life. 
　　43）Pearson has pieced together the work of hundreds of researchers around the world to produce a unique millennium technology calendar that gives the latest dates when we can expect hundreds of key breakthroughs and discoveries to take place. Some of the biggest developments will be in medicine, including an extended life expectancy and dozens of artificial organs coming into use between now and 2040.
　　Pearson also predicts a breakthrough in computer-human links. “By linking directly to our nervous system, computers could pick up what we feel and, hopefully, simulate feeling too so that we can start to develop full sensory environments, rather like the holidays in Total Recall or the Star Trek holodeck, ” he says. 44）But that, Pearson points out, is only the start of man-machine integration: “It will be the beginning of the long process of integration that will ultimately lead to a fully electronic human before the end of the next century.”
　　Through his research, Pearson is able to put dates to most of the breakthroughs that can be predicted. However, there are still no forecasts for when faster-than-light travel will be available, or when human cloning will be perfected, or when time travel will be possible. But he does expect social problems as a result of technological advances. A boom in neighborhood surveillance cameras will, for example, cause problems in 2010, while the arrival of synthetic lifelike robots will mean people may not be able to distinguish between their human friends and the droids. 
45）And home appliances will also become so smart that controlling and operating them will result in the breakout of a new psychological disorder—kitchen rage.
Section V Writing

46.  Directions:
　　Among all the worthy feelings of mankind, love is probably the noblest, but everyone has his/her own understanding of it.
　　There has been a discussion recently on the issue in a newspaper. Write an essay to the newspaper to
　　1）show your understanding of the symbolic meaning of the picture below.
　　2）give a specific example, and
　　3）give your suggestion as to the best way to show love.



2002年全国攻读硕士学位研究生入学考试英语试题
Section I   Use of English

Directions：
　　　Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C OR D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)
　　　
　　Comparisons were drawn between the development of television in the 20th century and the diffusion of printing in the 15th and 16th centuries. Yet much had happened   1  . As was discussed before, it was not   2   the 19th century that the newspaper became the dominant pre-electronic _ 3 _ , following in the wake of the pamphlet and the book and in the    	4    of the periodical. It was during the same time that the communications revolution   5    up, beginning with transport, the railway, and leading   6   through the telegraph, the telephone, radio, and motion pictures  7  the 20th century world of the motor car and the air plane. Not everyone sees that Process in    8   . It is important to do so. 
　　It is generally recognized,   9   , that the introduction of the computer in the early 20th century,   10   by the invention of the integrated circuit during the 1960s, radically changed the process,   11   its impact on the media was not immediately   12  . As time went by, computers became smaller and more powerful, and they became “personal” too, as well as   13   , with display becoming sharper and storage   14    increasing. They were thought of, like people,   15	   generations, with the distance between generations much   16   . 
　　It was within the computer age that the term “information society” began to be widely used to describe the   17   within which we now live. The communications revolution has   18   both work and leisure and how we think and feel both about place and time, but there have been  19   view about its economic, political, social and cultural implications. “Benefits” have been weighed    20   “harmful” outcomes. And generalizations have proved difficult.
　　
1. ［A］between  	［B］before  	［C］since   	［D］later
2. ［A］after     	［B］by       	［C］during   	［D］until
3. ［A］means  	［B］method   	［C］medium 	［D］measure
4. ［A］process 	［B］company   	［C］light     	［D］form
5. ［A］gathered  	［B］speeded   	［C］worked  	［D］picked
6. ［A］on     	［B］out       	［C］over     	［D］off
7. ［A］of    	［B］for       	［C］beyond  	［D］into
8. ［A］concept 	［B］dimension  	［C］effect    	［D］perspective
9. ［A］indeed     	［B］hence    	［C］however  	［D］therefore
10. ［A］brought    	［B］followed   	［C］stimulated  	［D］characterized
11. ［A］unless    	［B］since     	［C］lest      	［D］although
12. ［A］apparent  	［B］desirable  	［C］negative 	［D］plausible
13. ［A］institutional 	［B］universal 	［C］fundamental	［D］instrumental
14. ［A］ability      	［B］capability  	［C］capacity  	［D］faculty
15. ［A］by means of 	［B］in terms of  	［C］with regard to 	［D］in line with
16. ［A］deeper    	［B］fewer   	［C］nearer    	［D］smaller
17. ［A］context  	［B］range    	［C］scope       	［D］territory
18. ［A］regarded   	［B］impressed 	［C］influenced   	［D］effected
19. ［A］competitive 	［B］controversial	［C］distracting   	［D］irrational
20. ［A］above   	［B］upon    	［C］against      	［D］with




Section II    Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing [A], [B], [C] or [D]. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Text 1

　　If you intend using humor in your talk to make people smile, you must know how to identify shared experiences and problems. Your humor must be relevant to the audience and should help to show them that you are one of them or that you understand their situation and are in sympathy with their point of view.  Depending on whom you are addressing, the problems will be different. If you are talking to a group of managers, you may refer to the disorganized methods of their secretaries; alternatively if you are addressing secretaries, you may want to comment on their disorganized bosses.
　　Here is an example, which I heard at a nurses’ convention, of a story which works well because the audience all shared the same view of doctors. A man arrives in heaven and is being shown around by St. Peter. He sees wonderful accommodations, beautiful gardens, sunny weather, and so on. Everyone is very peaceful, polite and friendly until, waiting in a line for lunch, the new arrival is suddenly pushed aside by a man in a white coat, who rushes to the head of the line, grabs his food and stomps over to a table by himself. “Who is that?” the new arrival asked St. Peter.  “Oh, that’s God,” came the reply, “but sometimes he thinks he’s a doctor.” 
　　If you are part of the group which you are addressing, you will be in a position to know the experiences and problems which are common to all of you and it’ll be appropriate for you to make a passing remark about the inedible canteen food or the chairman’s notorious bad taste in ties. With other audiences you mustn’t attempt to cut in with humor as they will resent an outsider making disparaging remarks about their canteen or their chairman.  You will be on safer ground if you stick to scapegoats like the Post Office or the telephone system. 
　　If you feel awkward being humorous, you must practice so that it becomes more natural. Include a few casual and apparently off-the-cuff remarks which you can deliver in a relaxed and unforced manner. Often it’s the delivery which causes the audience to smile, so speak slowly and remember that a raised eyebrow or an unbelieving look may help to show that you are making a light-hearted remark. 
　　Look for the humor. It often comes from the unexpected. A twist on a familiar quote “If at first you don’t succeed, give up” or a play on words or on a situation. Search for exaggeration and understatement. Look at your talk and pick out a few words or sentences which you can turn about and inject with humor.
21. To make your humor work, you should      .
　　[A] take advantage of different kinds of audience	[B] make fun of the disorganized people
　　[C] address different problems to different people	[D] show sympathy for your listeners
22. The joke about doctors implies that, in the eyes of nurses, they are     .
　　[A] impolite to new arrivals	[B] very conscious of their godlike role
　　[C] entitled to some privileges	[D] very busy even during lunch hours
23. It can be inferred from the text that public services     .
　　[A] have benefited many people	[B] are the focus of public attention
　　[C] are an inappropriate subject for humor	[D] have often been the laughing stock
24. To achieve the desired result, humorous stories should be delivered     .
　　[A] in well-worded language	[B] as awkwardly as possible
　　[C] in exaggerated statements	[D] as casually as possible
25. The best title for the text may be     .
　　[A] Use Humor Effectively	[B] Various Kinds of Humor
　　[C] Add Humor to Speech	[D] Different Humor Strategies


Text 2
　　Since the dawn of human ingenuity, people have devised ever more cunning tools to cope with work that is dangerous, boring, burdensome, or just plain nasty. That compulsion has resulted in robotics—the science of conferring various human capabilities on machines. And if scientists have yet to create the mechanical version of science fiction, they have begun to come close.
　　As a result, the modern world is increasingly populated by intelligent gizmos whose presence we barely notice but whose universal existence has removed much human labor. Our factories hum to the rhythm of robot assembly arms. Our banking is done at automated teller terminals that thank us with mechanical politeness for the transaction. Our subway trains are controlled by tireless robot-drivers. And thanks to the continual miniaturization of electronics and micro-mechanics, there are already robot systems that can perform some kinds of brain and bone surgery with submillimeter accuracy—far greater precision than highly skilled physicians can achieve with their hands alone.
　　But if robots are to reach the next stage of laborsaving utility, they will have to operate with less human supervision and be able to make at least a few decisions for themselves—goals that pose a real challenge. “While we know how to tell a robot to handle a specific error," says Dave Lavery, manager of a robotics program at NASA, “we can't yet give a robot enough ‘common sense’ to reliably interact with a dynamic world.” 
　　Indeed the quest for true artificial intelligence has produced very mixed results. Despite a spell of initial optimism in the 1960s and 1970s when it appeared that transistor circuits and microprocessors might be able to copy the action of the human brain by the year 2010, researchers lately have begun to extend that forecast by decades if not centuries. 
　　What they found, in attempting to model thought, is that the human brain's roughly one hundred billion nerve cells are much more talented—and human perception far more complicated—than previously imagined. They have built robots that can recognize the error of a machine panel by a fraction of a millimeter in a controlled factory environment. But the human mind can glimpse a rapidly changing scene and immediately disregard the 98 percent that is irrelevant, instantaneously focusing on the monkey at the side of a winding forest road or the single suspicious face in a big crowd. The most advanced computer systems on Earth can't approach that kind of ability, and neuroscientists still don’t know quite how we do it. 
26. Human ingenuity was initially demonstrated in    .
　　[A] the use of machines to produce science fiction.
　　[B] the wide use of machines in manufacturing industry.
　　[C] the invention of tools for difficult and dangerous work.
　　[D] the elite’s cunning tackling of dangerous and boring work.
27. The word “gizmos” (line 1, paragraph 2) most probably means   .   
　　[A] programs［B］ experts     ［C］ devices    ［D］ creatures
28. According to the text, what is beyond man's ability now is to design a robot that can  . 
　　[A] fulfill delicate tasks like performing brain surgery.
　　[B] interact with human beings verbally.   
　　[C] have a little common sense.  
　　[D] respond independently to a changing world.
29. Besides reducing human labor, robots can also   .   
　　[A] make a few decisions for themselves.
　　[B] deal with some errors with human intervention.   
　　[C] improve factory environments.
　　[D] cultivate human creativity.
30. The author uses the example of a monkey to argue that robots are   .
　　[A] expected to copy human brain in internal structure.
　　[B] able to perceive abnormalities immediately.   
　　[C] far less able than human brain in focusing on relevant information.
　　[D] best used in a controlled environment.


Text 3
　　Could the bad old days of economic decline be about to return? Since OPEC agreed to supply-cuts in March, the price of crude oil has jumped to almost $26 a barrel, up from less than $10 last December. This near-tripling of oil prices calls up scary memories of the 1973 oil shock, when prices quadrupled, and 1979-1980, when they also almost tripled. Both previous shocks resulted in double-digit inflation and global economic decline. So where are the headlines warning of gloom and doom this time?
　　The oil price was given another push up this week when Iraq suspended oil exports. Strengthening economic growth, at the same time as winter grips the northern hemisphere, could push the price higher still in the short term.
　　Yet there are good reasons to expect the economic consequences now to be less severe than in the 1970s. In most countries the cost of crude oil now accounts for a smaller share of the price of petrol than it did in the 1970s. In Europe, taxes account for up to four-fifths of the retail price, so even quite big changes in the price of crude have a more muted effect on pump prices than in the past.
　　Rich economies are also less dependent on oil than they were, and so less sensitive to swings in the oil price. Energy conservation, a shift to other fuels and a decline in the importance of heavy, energy-intensive industries have reduced oil consumption. Software, consultancy and mobile telephones use far less oil than steel or car production. For each dollar of GDP (in constant prices) rich economies now use nearly 50% less oil than in 1973. The OECD estimates in its latest Economic Outlook that, if oil prices averaged $22 a barrel for a full year, compared with $13 in 1998, this would increase the oil import bill in rich economies by only 0.25-0.5% of GDP. That is less than one-quarter of the income loss in 1974 or 1980. On the other hand, oil-importing emerging economies—to which heavy industry has shifted—have become more energy-intensive, and so could be more seriously squeezed. 
　　One more reason not to lose sleep over the rise in oil prices is that, unlike the rises in the 1970s, it has not occurred against the background of general commodity-price inflation and global excess demand. A sizable portion of the world is only just emerging from economic decline. The Economist’s commodity price index is broadly unchanging from a year ago. In 1973 commodity prices jumped by 70%, and in 1979 by almost 30%. 
　　
31. The main reason for the latest rise of oil price is_______
[A]  global inflation.             	[B] reduction in supply. 
[C] fast growth in economy.        	[D] Iraq’s suspension of exports.  
32. It can be inferred from the text that the retail price of petrol will go up dramatically if______.   
[A] price of crude rises.            	[B] commodity prices rise.
[C] consumption rises.               	[D] oil taxes rise.
33. The estimates in Economic Outlook show that in rich countries_______.   
［A］heavy industry becomes more energy-intensive.   
［B］income loss mainly results from fluctuating crude oil prices.   
［C］manufacturing industry has been seriously squeezed.   
［D］oil price changes have no significant impact on GDP.
34. We can draw a conclusion from the text that_______.
［A］oil-price shocks are less shocking now.   
［B］inflation seems irrelevant to oil-price shocks.   
［C］energy conservation can keep down the oil prices.   
［D］the price rise of crude leads to the shrinking of heavy industry.
35. From the text we can see that the writer seems__________.
［A］optimistic.   ［B］sensitive.   ［C］gloomy.  ［D］scared.
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
Text 4
　　The Supreme Court’s decisions on physician-assisted suicide carry important implications for how medicine seeks to relieve dying patients of pain and suffering. 
　　Although it ruled that there is no constitutional right to physician-assisted suicide, the Court in effect supported the medical principle of “double effect”, a centuries-old moral principle holding that an action having two effects—a good one that is intended and a harmful one that is foreseen—is permissible if the actor intends only the good effect. 
　　Doctors have used that principle in recent years to justify using high doses of morphine to control terminally ill patients’pain, even though increasing dosages will eventually kill the patient. 
　　Nancy Dubler, director of Montefiore Medical Center, contends that the principle will shield doctors who “until now have very, very strongly insisted that they could not give patients sufficient medication to control their pain if that might hasten death”. 
　　George Annas, chair of the health law department at Boston University, maintains that, as long as a doctor prescribes a drug for a legitimate medical purpose, the doctor has done nothing illegal even if the patient uses the drug to hasten death. “It’s like surgery,” he says. “We don’t call those deaths homicides because the doctors didn’t intend to kill their patients, although they risked their death. If you’re a physician, you can risk your patient’s suicide as long as you don’t intend their suicide.”
　　On another level, many in the medical community acknowledge that the assisted-suicide debate has been fueled in part by the despair of patients for whom modern medicine has prolonged the physical agony of dying. 
　　Just three weeks before the Court’s ruling on physician-assisted suicide, the National Academy of Science (NAS) released a two-volume report, Approaching Death: Improving Care at the End of Life. It identifies the undertreatment of pain and the aggressive use of “ineffectual and forced medical procedures that may prolong and even dishonor the period of dying” as the twin problems of end-of-life care.
　　The profession is taking steps to require young doctors to train in hospices, to test knowledge of aggressive pain management therapies, to develop a Medicare billing code for hospital-based care, and to develop new standards for assessing and treating pain at the end of life. 
　　Annas says lawyers can play a key role in insisting that these well-meaning medical initiatives translate into better care. “Large numbers of physicians seem unconcerned with the pain their patients are needlessly and predictably suffering”, to the extent that it constitutes “systematic patient abuse”. He says medical licensing boards “must make it clear...that painful deaths are presumptively ones that are incompetently managed and should result in license suspension”. 
　　
36. From the first three paragraphs, we learn that       .
　　[A] doctors used to increase drug dosages to control their patients’pain
　　[B] it is still illegal for doctors to help the dying end their lives
　　[C] the Supreme Court strongly opposes physician-assisted suicide
　　[D] patients have no constitutional right to commit suicide
37. Which of the following statements its true according to the text?
　　[A] Doctors will be held guilty if they risk their patients’death.
　　[B] Modern medicine has assisted terminally ill patients in painless recovery.
[C] The Court ruled that high-dosage pain-relieving medication can be prescribed.
　　[D] A doctor’s medication is no longer justified by his intentions.
38. According to the NAS’s report, one of the problems in end-of-life care is     .
　　[A] prolonged medical procedures          	[B] inadequate treatment of pain
　　[C] systematic drug abuse                	[D] insufficient hospital care
39. Which of the following best defines the word “aggressive” (line 4, paragraph 7)?
　　[A] Bold.     [B] Harmful.      [C] Careless.    [D] Desperate
40. George Annas would probably agree that doctors should be punished if they      .
　　[A] manage their patients incompetently
　　[B] give patients more medicine than needed
　　[C] reduce drug dosages for their patients
　　[D] prolong the needless suffering of the patients

Part B
Directions: 
　　　Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)
　　Almost all our major problems involve human behavior, and they cannot be solved by physical and biological technology alone. What is needed is a technology of behavior, but we have been slow to develop the science from which such a technology might be drawn.（41）One difficulty is that almost all of what is called behavioral science continues to trace behavior to states of mind, feelings, traits of character, human nature, and so on. Physics and biology once followed similar practices and advanced only when they discarded them.（42）The behavioral sciences have been slow to change partly because the explanatory items often seem to be directly observed and partly because other kinds of explanations have been hard to find. The environment is obviously important, but its role has remained obscure. It does not push or pull, it selects, and this function is difficult to discover and analyze.（43）The role of natural selection in evolution was formulated only a little more than a hundred years ago, and the selective role of the environment in shaping and maintaining the behavior of the individual is only beginning to be recognized and studied. As the interaction between organism and environment has come to be understood, however, effects once assigned to states of mind, feelings, and traits are beginning to be traced to accessible conditions, and a technology of behavior may therefore become available. It will not solve our problems, however, until it replaces traditional prescientific views, and these are strongly entrenched. Freedom and dignity illustrate the difficulty. （44）They are the possessions of the autonomous（self-governing）man of traditional theory, and they are essential to practices in which a person is held responsible for his conduct and given credit for his achievements. A scientific analysis shifts both the responsibility and the achievement to the environment. It also raises questions concerning “values”. Who will use a technology and to what ends? （45）Until these issues are resolved, a technology of behavior will continue to be rejected, and with it possibly the only way to solve our problems.
Section III   Writing
46. Directions:
　　　Study the following picture carefully and write an essay entitled “Cultures National and International”. 
　　In the essay you should
　　　1. describe the picture and interpret its meaning, and
　　　2. give your comment on the phenomenon.
　　You should write about 200 words neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)
　　
An American girl in traditional Chinese costume（服装）

2003年全国攻读硕士学位研究生入学考试英语试题
Section I   Use of English
Directions：
　　　Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C OR D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)
　　
　　Teachers need to be aware of the emotional, intellectual, and physical changes that young adults experience. And they also need to give serious   1   to how they can best   2   such changes. Growing bodies need movement and  3   , but not just in ways that emphasize competition.   4   they are adjusting to their new bodies and a whole host of new intellectual and emotional challenges, teenagers are especially self-conscious and need the   5   that comes from achieving success and knowing that their accomplishments are   6   by others. However, the typical teenage lifestyle is already filled with so much competition that it would be   7   to plan activities in which there are more winners than losers,  8  ，publishing newsletters with many student-written book reviews,  9  student artwork, and sponsoring book discussion clubs. A variety of small clubs can provide  10  opportunities for leadership, as well as for practice in successful  	11  dynamics. Making friends is extremely important to teenagers, and many shy students need the   12  of some kind of organization with a supportive adult  13  visible in the background. 
　　In these activities, it is important to remember that the young teens have  14  attention spans. A variety of activities should be organized   15   participants can remain active as long as they want and then go on to   16   else without feeling guilty and without letting the other participants   17  . This does not mean that adults must accept irresponsibility.   	18   they can help students acquire a sense of commitment by   19   for roles that are within their  20  and their attention spans and by having clearly stated rules. 
　　
1. [A] thought        	[B] idea        	[C] opinion       	[D] advice 
2. [A] strengthen  	[B] accommodate 	[C] stimulate      	[D] enhance 
3. [A] care         	[B] nutrition    	[C] exercise       	[D] leisure
4. [A] If         	[B] Although   	[C] Whereas       	[D] Because 
5. [A] assistance  	[B] guidance   	[C] confidence     	[D] tolerance 
6. [A] claimed      	[B] admired      	[C] ignored      	[D] surpassed 
7. [A] improper  	[B] risky        	[C] fair           	[D] wise 
8. [A] in effect        	[B] as a result    	[C] for example    	[D] in a sense 
9. [A] displaying  	[B] describing     	[C] creating       	[D] exchanging 
10. [A] durable     	[B] excessive     	[C] surplus        	[D] multiple
11. [A] group       	[B] individual     	[C] personnel      	[D] corporation 
12. [A] consent    	[B] insurance   	[C] admission    	[D] security 
13. [A] particularly     	[B] barely        	[C] definitely      	[D] rarely 
14. [A] similar     	[B] long          	[C] different      	[D] short 
15. [A] if only       	[B] now that     	[C] so that        	[D] even if 
16. [A] everything   	[B] anything    	[C] nothing    	[D] something 
17. [A] off         	[B] down      	[C] out         	[D] alone 
18. [A] On the contrary	[B] On the average 	[C] On the whole 	[D] On the other hand 
19. [A] making    	[B] standing      	[C] planning   	[D] taking 
20. [A] capability    	[B] responsibility  	[C] proficiency  	[D] efficiency


Section II   Reading Comprehension
Part A  Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing [A], [B], [C] or [D]. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Text 1
　　Wild Bill Donovan would have loved the Inter net. The American spymaster who built the Office of Strategic Services in the World War Ⅱ and later laid the roots for the CIA was  fascinated with information. Donovan believed in using whatever tools came to hand in the “great game” of espionage—spying as a “profession.” These days the Net, which has already re-made such everyday pastimes as buying books and sending mail, is reshaping Donovan’s vocation as well. 
　　The latest revolution isn’t simply a matter of gentlemen reading other gentlemen’s e-mail. That kind of electronic spying has been going on for decades. In the past three or four years, the World Wide Web has given birth to a whole industry of point-and-click spying. The spooks call it “open source intelligence,” and as the Net grows, it is becoming increasingly influential. In 1995 the CIA held a contest to see who could compile the most data about Burundi. The winner, by a large margin, was a tiny Virginia company called Open-Source Solutions，whose clear advantage was its mastery of the electronic world.
　　Among the firms making the biggest splash in the new world is Straitford, Inc., a private intelligence-analysis firm based in Austin, Texas. Straitford makes money by selling the results of spying (covering nations from Chile to Russia) to corporations like energy-services firm McDermott International. Many of its predictions are available online at .
　　Straiford president George Friedman says he sees the online world as a kind of mutually reinforcing tool for both information collection and distribution, a spymaster’s dream. Last week his firm was busy vacuuming up data bits from the far corners of the world and predicting a crisis in Ukraine. “As soon as that report runs, we’ll suddenly get 500 new internet sign-ups from Ukraine,” says Friedman, a former political science professor. “And we’ll hear back from some of them.” Open-source spying does have its risks, of course, since it can be difficult to tell good information from bad. That’s where Straitford earns its keep.
　　Friedman relies on a lean staff of 20 in Austin. Several of his staff members have military-intelligence backgrounds. He sees the firm’s outsider status as the key to its success. Straitford’s briefs don’t sound like the usual Washington back-and-forthing, whereby agencies avoid dramatic declarations on the chance they might be wrong. Straitford, says Friedman, takes pride in its independent voice.
21. The emergence of the Net has       . 
　　[A] received support from fans like Donovan 	[B] remolded the intelligence services 
　　[C] restored many common pastimes 	[D] revived spying as a profession
22. Donovan’s story is mentioned in the text to    .
[A] introduce the topic of online spying	[B] show how he fought for the US
　　[C] give an episode of the information war	[D] honor his unique services to the CIA
23. The phrase “making the biggest splash” (line 1,paragraph 3) most probably means    .
　　[A] causing the biggest trouble	[B] exerting the greatest effort
　　[C] achieving the greatest success	[D] enjoying the widest popularity
24. It can be learned from paragraph 4 that   .
[A] straitford’s prediction about Ukraine has proved true
[B] straitford guarantees the truthfulness of its information
[C] straitford’s business is characterized by unpredictability 
[D] straitford is able to provide fairly reliable information

25. Straitford is most proud of its       .
　　[A] official status	[B] nonconformist image
　　[C] efficient staff	[D] military background
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Text 2 
　　To paraphrase 18th-century statesman Edmund Burke, “all that is needed for the triumph of a misguided cause is that good people do nothing.” One such cause now seeks to end biomedical research because of the theory that animals have rights ruling out their use in research. Scientists need to respond forcefully to animal rights advocates, whose arguments are confusing the public and thereby threatening advances in health knowledge and care. Leaders of the animal rights movement target biomedical research because it depends on public funding, and few people understand the process of health care research. Hearing allegations of cruelty to animals in research settings, many are perplexed that anyone would deliberately harm an animal.
　　For example, a grandmotherly woman staffing an animal rights booth at a recent street fair was distributing a brochure that encouraged readers not to use anything that comes from or is tested in animals—no meat, no fur, no medicines. Asked if she opposed immunizations, she wanted to know if vaccines come from animal research. When assured that they do, she replied, “Then I would have to say yes.” Asked what will happen when epidemics return, she said, “Don’t worry, scientists will find some way of using computers.” Such well-meaning people just don’t understand.
　　Scientists must communicate their message to the public in a compassionate, understandable way—in human terms, not in the language of molecular biology. We need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother’s hip replacement, a father’s bypass operation, a baby’s vaccinations, and even a pet’s shots. To those who are unaware that animal research was needed to produce these treatments, as well as new treatments and vaccines, animal research seems wasteful at best and cruel at worst.
　　Much can be done. Scientists could “adopt” middle school classes and present their own research. They should be quick to respond to letters to the editor, lest animal rights misinformation go unchallenged and acquire a deceptive appearance of truth. Research institutions could be opened to tours, to show that laboratory animals receive humane care. Finally, because the ultimate stakeholders are patients, the health research community should actively recruit to its cause not only well-known personalities such as Stephen Cooper, who has made courageous statements about the value of animal research, but all who receive medical treatment. If good people do nothing, there is a real possibility that an uninformed citizenry will extinguish the precious embers of medical progress.
26. The author begins his article with Edmund Burke’s words to      .
　　[A] call on scientists to take some actions	[B] criticize the misguided cause of animal rights
　　[C] warn of the doom of biomedical research	[D] show the triumph of the animal rights movement
27. Misled people tend to think that using an animal in research is      .
　　[A] cruel but natural	[B] inhuman and unacceptable
　　[C] inevitable but vicious 	[D] pointless and wasteful
28. The example of the grandmotherly woman is used to show the public’s      .
　　[A] discontent with animal research	[B] ignorance about medical science
　　[C] indifference to epidemics	[D] anxiety about animal rights
29. The author believes that, in face of the challenge from animal rights advocates, scientists should      .
　　[A] communicate more with the public 	[B] employ hi-tech means in research
　　[C] feel no shame for their cause	[D] strive to develop new cures
30. From the text we learn that Stephen Cooper is       .
　　[A] a well-known humanist	[B] a medical practitioner
　　[C] an enthusiast in animal rights	[D] a supporter of animal research
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Text 3
　　In recent years, railroads have been combining with each other, merging into supersystems, causing heightened concerns about monopoly. As recently as 1995, the top four railroads accounted for under 70 percent of the total ton-miles moved by rails. Next year, after a series of mergers is completed, just four railroads will control well over 90 percent of all the freight moved by major rail carriers.
　　Supporters of the new supersystems argue that these mergers will allow for substantial cost reductions and better coordinated service. Any threat of monopoly, they argue, is removed by fierce competition from trucks. But many shippers complain that for heavy bulk commodities traveling long distances, such as coal, chemicals, and grain, trucking is too costly and the railroads therefore have them by the throat.
　　The vast consolidation within the rail industry means that most shippers are served by only one rail company. Railroads typically charge such“captive”shippers 20 to 30 percent more than they do when another railroad is competing for the business. Shippers who feel they are being overcharged have the right to appeal to the federal government's Surface Transportation Board for rate relief, but the process is expensive, time consuming, and?will work only in truly extreme cases.
　　Railroads justify rate discrimination against captive shippers on the grounds that in the long run it reduces everyone's cost. If railroads charged all customers the same average rate, they argue, shippers who have the option of switching to trucks or other forms of transportation would do so, leaving remaining customers to shoulder the cost of keeping up the line. It's theory to which many economists subscribe, but in practice it often leaves railroads in the position of determining which companies will flourish and which will fail.“Do we really want railroads to be the arbiters of who wins and who loses in the marketplace?”asks Martin Bercovici, a Washington lawyer who frequently represents shipper.
　　Many captive shippers also worry they will soon be hit with a round of huge rate increases. The railroad industry as a whole, despite its brightening fortuning fortunes, still does not earn enough to cover the cost of the capital it must invest to keep up with its surging traffic. Yet railroads continue to borrow billions to acquire one another, with Wall Street cheering them on. Consider the $10.2 billion bid by Norfolk Southern and CSX to acquire Conrail this year. Conrail's net railway operating income in 1996 was just $427 million, less than half of the carrying costs of the transaction. Who's going to pay for the rest of the bill? Many captive shippers fear that they will, as Norfolk Southern and CSX increase their grip on the market.
31. According to those who support mergers, railway monopoly is unlikely because     .
　　[A] cost reduction is based on competition.	[B] services call for cross-trade coordination.
　　[C] outside competitors will continue to exist.	[D] shippers will have the railway by the throat. 
32. What is many captive shippers' attitude towards the consolidation in the rail industry?
　　[A] Indifferent.    [B] Supportive.    [C] Indignant.   [D] Apprehensive.
33. It can be inferred from paragraph 3 that     .
　　[A] shippers will be charged less without a rival railroad.
　　[B] there will soon be only one railroad company nationwide.
　　[C] overcharged shippers are unlikely to appeal for rate relief.
　　[D] a government board ensures fair play in railway business.
34. The word “arbiters”(line 7,paragraph 4)most probably refers to those     .
　　[A] who work as coordinators.	[B] who function as judges.
　　[C] who supervise transactions.	[D] who determine the price.
35. According to the text, the cost increase in the rail industry is mainly caused by     .
　　[A] the continuing acquisition. 	[B] the growing traffic.
　　[C] the cheering Wall Street.	[D] the shrinking market.
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Text 4
　　It is said that in England death is pressing, in Canada inevitable and in California optional. Small wonder. Americans’ life expectancy has nearly doubled over the past century. Failing hips can be replaced, clinical depression controlled, cataracts removed in a 30-minute surgical procedure. Such advances offer the aging population a quality of life that was unimaginable when I entered medicine 50 years ago. But not even a great health-care system can cure death—and our failure to confront that reality now threatens this greatness of ours.
　　Death is normal; we are genetically programmed to disintegrate and perish, even under ideal conditions. We all understand that at some level, yet as medical consumers we treat death as a problem to be solved. Shielded by third-party payers from the cost of our care, we demand everything that can possibly be done for us, even if it’s useless. The most obvious example is late-stage cancer care. Physicians—frustrated by their inability to cure the disease and fearing loss of hope in the patient—too often offer aggressive treatment far beyond what is scientifically justified.
　　In 1950, the US spent $12.7 billion on health care. In 2002, the cost will be $1,540 billion. Anyone can see this trend is unsustainable. Yet few seem willing to try to reverse it. Some scholars conclude that a government with finite resources should simply stop paying for medical care that sustains life beyond a certain age—say 83 or so. Former Colorado governor Richard Lamm has been quoted as saying that the old and infirm “have a duty to die and get out of the way”, so that younger, healthier people can realize their potential.
　　I would not go that far. Energetic people now routinely work through their 60s and beyond, and remain dazzlingly productive. At 78, Viacom chairman Sumner Redstone jokingly claims to be 53. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor is in her 70s, and former surgeon general C. Everett Koop chairs an Internet start-up in his 80s.These leaders are living proof that prevention works and that we can manage the health problems that come naturally with age. As a mere 68-year-old, I wish to age as productively as they have.
　　Yet there are limits to what a society can spend in this pursuit. As a physician, I know the most costly and dramatic measures may be ineffective and painful. I also know that people in Japan and Sweden, countries that spend far less on medical care, have achieved longer, healthier lives than we have. As a nation, we may be overfunding the quest for unlikely cures while underfunding research on humbler therapies that could improve people’s lives.
36. What is implied in the first sentence?
[A] Americans are better prepared for death than other people.
[B] Americans enjoy a higher life quality than ever before.
[C] Americans are over-confident of their medical technology.
[D] Americans take a vain pride in their long life expectancy.
37. The author uses the example of caner patients to show that        .
　　[A] medical resources are often wasted
　　[B] doctors are helpless against fatal diseases
　　[C] some treatments are too aggressive
　　[D] medical costs are becoming unaffordable
38. The author’s attitude toward Richard Lamm’s remark is one of.
　　[A] strong disapproval           	[B] reserved consent
　　[C]  slight contempt             	[D] enthusiastic support
39. In contras to the US, Japan and Sweden are funding their medical care. 
　　[A] more flexibly               	[B] more extravagantly
　　[C] more cautiously             	[D] more reasonably
40. The text intends to express the idea that. 
　　[A]medicine will further prolong people’s lives
　　[B]life beyond a certain limit is not worth living
　　[C] death should be accepted as a fact of life
　　[D] excessive demands increase the cost of health care

Part B
Directions:
  Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)

　　Human beings in all times and places think about their world and wonder at their place in it. Humans are thoughtful and creative, possessed of insatiable curiosity.（41）Furthermore, humans have the ability to modify the environment in which they live, thus subjecting all other life forms to their own peculiar ideas and fancies. Therefore, it is important to study humans in all their richness and diversity in a calm and systematic manner, with the hope that the knowledge resulting from such studies can lead humans to a more harmonious way of living with themselves and with all other life forms on this planet Earth. 
　　“Anthropology” derives from the Greek words anthropos “human” and logos “the study of.” By its very name, anthropology encompasses the study of all humankind. 
　　Anthropology is one of the social sciences.（42）Social science is that branch of intellectual enquiry which seeks to study humans and their endeavors in the same reasoned, orderly, systematic, and dispassioned manner that natural scientists use for the study of natural phenomena. 
　　Social science disciplines include geography, economics, political, science, psychology, and sociology. Each of these social sciences has a subfield or specialization which lies particularly close to anthropology. 
　　All the social sciences focus upon the study of humanity. Anthropology is a field-study oriented discipline which makes extensive use of the comparative method in analysis.（43）The emphasis on data gathered first-hand, combined with a cross-cultural perspective brought to the analysis of cultures past and present, makes this study a unique and distinctly important social science. 
　　Anthropological analyses rest heavily upon the concept of culture. Sir Edward Tylor’s formulation of the concept of culture was one of the great intellectual achievements of 19th century science.（44）Tylor defined culture as “…that complex whole which includes belief, art, morals, law, custom, and any other capabilities and habits acquired by man as a member of society.” This insight, so profound in its simplicity, opened up an entirely new way of perceiving and understanding human life. Implicit within Tylor’s definition is the concept that culture is learned. shared, and patterned behavior. 
　　（45）Thus, the anthropological concept of “culture,” like the concept of “set” in mathematics, is an abstract concept which makes possible immense amounts of concrete research and understanding. 
Section III    Writing
46.  Directions:
　　　Study the following set of drawings carefully and write an essay entitled in which you should 
　　1）describe the set of drawings, interpret its meaning, and
　　2）point out its implications in our life.
　　You should write about 200 words neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)



2004年全国攻读硕士学位研究生入学考试英语试题
Section I   Use of English

Directions：
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)
　　
　　Many theories concerning the causes of juvenile delinquency (crimes committed by young people) focus either on the individual or on society as the major contributing influence. Theories   1  on the individual suggest that children engage in criminal behavior   2   they were not sufficiently penalized for previous misdeeds or that they have learned criminal behavior through     3   with others. Theories focusing on the role of society suggest that children commit crimes in   4   to their failure to rise above their socioeconomic status,    5   as a rejection of middle-class values. 
　　Most theories of juvenile delinquency have focused on children from disadvantaged families, _ 6   the fact that children from wealthy homes also commit crimes. The latter may commit crimes   7     lack of adequate parental control. All theories, however, are tentative and are   8   to criticism. 
　　Changes in the social structure may indirectly    9    juvenile crime rates. For example, changes in the economy that   10   to fewer job opportunities for youth and rising unemployment   11   make gainful employment increasingly difficult to obtain. The resulting discontent may in   12    lead more youths into criminal behavior.
　　Families have also   13   changes these years. More families consist of one-parent households or two working parents;    14 ，children are likely to have less supervision at home    15    was common in the traditional family   16   . This lack of parental supervision is thought to be an influence on juvenile crime rates. Other __17_   causes of offensive acts include frustration or failure in school, the increased __ 18 _ of drugs and alcohol, and the growing   19   of child abuse and child neglect. All these conditions tend to increase the probability of a child committing a criminal act,    20   a direct causal relationship has not yet been established.
　　 
1. [A] acting         	[B] relying         	[C] centering         	[D] commenting
2. [A] before         	[B] unless          	[C] until             	[D] because
3. [A] interaction    	[B] assimilation    	[C] cooperation       	[D] consultation
4. [A] return         	[B] reply           	[C] reference         	[D] response
5. [A] or             	[B] but rather      	[C] but              	[D] or else
6. [A] considering    	[B] ignoring        	[C] highlighting      	[D] discarding
7. [A] on            	[B] in              	[C] for              	[D] with
8. [A] immune       	[B] resistant       	[C] sensitive         	[D] subject
9. [A] affect         	[B] reduce          	[C] chock            	[D] reflect
10. [A] point         	[B] lead            	[C] come            	[D] amount
11. [A] in general     	[B] on average      	[C] by contrast       	[D] at length
12. [A] case         	[B] short           	[C] turn             	[D] essence
13. [A] survived      	[B] noticed         	[C] undertaken       	[D] experienced
14.[A] contrarily    	[B] consequently    	[C] similarly         	[D] simultaneously
15. [A] than         	[B] that            	[C] which           	[D] as 
16. [A] system       	[B] structure       	[C] concept          	[D] heritage
17. [A] assessable     	[B] identifiable    	[C] negligible        	[D] incredible
18. [A] expense       	[B] restriction     	[C] allocation        	[D] availability
19. [A] incidence      	[B] awareness       	[C] exposure         	[D] popularity
20. [A] provided     	[B] since           	[C] although         	[D] supposing


　　                            Section II   Reading Comprehension
Part A 
Directions:
　　　Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing [A], [B], [C] or [D]. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
　　　Text 1
　　　
　　Hunting for a job late last year, lawyer Gant Redmon stumbled across CareerBuilder, a job database on the Internet. He searched it with no success but was attracted by the site’s “personal search agent”. It’s an interactive feature that lets visitors key in job criteria such as location, title, and salary, then E-mails them when a matching position is posted in the database. Redmon chose the keywords legal, intellectual property and Washington, D.C. Three weeks later, he got his first notification of an opening. “I struck gold,” says Redmon, who E-mailed his resume to the employer and won a position as in-house counsel for a company. 
　　With thousands of career-related sites on the Internet, finding promising openings can he time-consuming and inefficient. Search agents reduce the need for repeated visits to the databases. But although a search agent worked for Redmon, career experts see drawbacks. Narrowing your criteria, for example, may work against you: “Every time you answer a question you eliminate a possibility,” says one expert. 
　　For any job search, you should start with a narrow concept—what you think you want to do—then broaden it. “None of these programs do that,” says another expert. “There’s no career counseling implicit in all of this.” Instead, the best strategy is to use the agent as a kind of tip service to keep abreast of jobs in a particular database; when you get E-mail, consider it a reminder to check the database again. “I would not rely on agents for finding everything that is added to a database that might interest me,” says the author of a job-searching guide. 
　　Some sites design their agents to tempt job hunters to return. When CareerSite’s agent sends out messages to those who have signed up for its service, for example, it includes only three potential jobs—those it considers the best matches. There may be more matches in the database; job hunters will have to visit the site again to find them—and they do. “On the day after we send our messages, we see a sharp increase in our traffic,” says Seth Peets, vice president of marketing for CareerSite.  
　　Even those who aren’t hunting for jobs may find search agents worthwhile. Some use them to keep a close watch on the demand for their line of work or gather information on compensation to arm themselves when negotiating for a raise. Although happily employed, Redmon maintains his agent at CareerBuilder. “You always keep your eyes open,” he says. Working with a personal search agent means having another set of eyes looking out for you. 
21. How did Redmon find his job?
　　[A] By searching openings in a job database.	[B] By posting a matching position in a database.
　　[C] By using a special service of a database.	[D] By E-mailing his resume to a database.
22. Which of the following can be a disadvantage of search agents?
　　[A] Lack of counseling.             	[B] Limited number of visits.
　　[C] Lower efficiency.               	[D] Fewer successful matches.
23. The expression “tip service” (Line 4, Paragraph 3) most probably means    .
　　[A] advisory.                      	[B] compensation.   
　　[C] interaction.                   	[D] reminder.
24. Why does CareerSite’s agent offer each job hunter only three job options?
　　[A] To focus on better job matches.	[B] To attract more returning visits.
　　[C] To reserve space for more messages.	[D] To increase the rate of success.
25. Which of the following is true according to the text? 
[A] Personal search agents are indispensable to job-hunters.
[B] Some sites keep E-mailing job seekers to trace their demands.
[C] Personal search agents are also helpful to those already employed. 
[D] Some agents stop sending information to people once they are employed. 

Text 2

　　Over the past century, all kinds of unfairness and discrimination have been condemned or made illegal. But one insidious form continues to thrive: alphabetism. This, for those as yet unaware of such a disadvantage, refers to discrimination against those whose surnames begin with a letter in the lower half of the alphabet. 
　　It has long been known that a taxi firm called AAAA cars has a big advantage over Zodiac cars when customers thumb through their phone directories. Less well known is the advantage that Adam Abbott has in life over Zo? Zysman. English names are fairly evenly spread between the halves of the alphabet. Yet a suspiciously large number of top people have surnames beginning with letters between A and K.  
　　Thus the American president and vice-president have surnames starting with B and C respectively; and 26 of George Bush’s predecessors (including his father) had surnames in the first half of the alphabet against just 16 in the second half. Even more striking, six of the seven heads of government of the G7 rich countries are alphabetically advantaged (Berlusconi, Blair, Bush, Chirac, Chrétien and Koizumi). The world’s three top central bankers (Greenspan, Duisenberg and Hayami) are all close to the top of the alphabet, even if one of them really uses Japanese characters. As are the world's five richest men (Gates, Buffett, Allen, Ellison and Albrecht).
　　Can this merely be coincidence? One theory, dreamt up in all the spare time enjoyed by the alphabetically disadvantaged, is that the rot sets in early. At the start of the first year in infant school, teachers seat pupils alphabetically from the front, to make it easier to remember their names. So short-sighted Zysman junior gets stuck in the back row, and is rarely asked the improving questions posed by those insensitive teachers. At the time the alphabetically disadvantaged may think they have had a lucky escape. Yet the result may be worse qualifications, because they get less individual attention, as well as less confidence in speaking publicly. 
　　The humiliation continues. At university graduation ceremonies, the ABCs proudly get their awards first; by the time they reach the Zysmans most people are literally having a ZZZ. Shortlists for job interviews, election ballot papers, lists of conference speakers and attendees: all tend to be drawn up alphabetically, and their recipients lose interest as they plough through them.
　　
26. What does the author intend to illustrate with AAAA cars and Zodiac cars? 
　　[A] A kind of overlooked inequality. 	[B] A type of conspicuous bias.
　　[C] A type of personal prejudice.	[D] A kind of brand discrimination.
27. What can we infer from the first three paragraphs? 
[A] In both East and West, names are essential to success. 
[B] The alphabet is to blame for the failure of Zo? Zysman.
[C] Customers often pay a lot of attention to companies’ names.
[D] Some form of discrimination is too subtle to recognize. 
28. The 4th paragraph suggests that      .
[A] questions are often put to the more intelligent students
[B] alphabetically disadvantaged students often escape from class
[C] teachers should pay attention to all of their students
[D] students should be seated according to their eyesight
29. What does the author mean by “most people are literally having a ZZZ” (Lines 2-3, Paragraph 5)? 
　　[A] They are getting impatient. 	[B] They are noisily dozing off.
　　[C] They are feeling humiliated.	[D] They are busy with word puzzles.
30.  Which of the following is true according to the text? 
[A] People with surnames beginning with N to Z are often ill-treated. 
[B] VIPs in the Western world gain a great deal from alphabetism. 
[C] The campaign to eliminate alphabetism still has a long way to go. 
[D] Putting things alphabetically may lead to unintentional bias.
Text 3

　　When it comes to the slowing economy, Ellen Spero isn't biting her nails just yet. But the 47-year-old manicurist isn't cutting, filing or polishing as many nails as she'd like to, either. Most of her clients spend $12 to $50 weekly, but last month two longtime customers suddenly stopped showing up. Spero blames the softening economy. “I'm a good economic indicator,” she says. “I provide a service that people can do without when they're concerned about saving some dollars.” So Spero is downscaling, shopping at middle-brow Dillard's department store near her suburban Cleveland home, instead of Neiman Marcus. “I don't know if other clients are going to abandon me, too,” she says.  
　　Even before Alan Greenspan's admission that America's red-hot economy is cooling, lots of working folks had already seen signs of the slowdown themselves. From car dealerships to Gap outlets, sales have been lagging for months as shoppers temper their spending. For retailers, who last year took in 24 percent of their revenue between Thanksgiving and Christmas, the cautious approach is coming at a crucial time. Already, experts say, holiday sales are off 7 percent from last year's pace. But don't sound any alarms just yet. Consumers seem only mildly concerned, not panicked, and many say they remain optimistic about the economy's long-term prospects even as they do some modest belt-tightening.  
　　Consumers say they're not in despair because, despite the dreadful headlines, their own fortunes still feel pretty good. Home prices are holding steady in most regions. In Manhattan, “there's a new gold rush happening in the $4 million to $10 million range, predominantly fed by Wall Street bonuses,” says broker Barbara Corcoran. In San Francisco, prices are still rising even as frenzied overbidding quiets. “Instead of 20 to 30 offers, now maybe you only get two or three," says John Tealdi, a Bay Area real-estate broker. And most folks still feel pretty comfortable about their ability to find and keep a job. 
　　Many folks see silver linings to this slowdown. Potential home buyers would cheer for lower interest rates. Employers wouldn't mind a little fewer bubbles in the job market. Many consumers seem to have been influenced by stock-market swings, which investors now view as a necessary ingredient to a sustained boom. Diners might see an upside, too. Getting a table at Manhattan's hot new Alain Ducasse restaurant used to be impossible. Not anymore. For that, Greenspan & Co. may still be worth toasting. 
31. By “Ellen Spero isn’t biting her nails just yet” (Line 1, Paragraph 1), the author means_____.
　　[A] Spero can hardly maintain her business.	[B] Spero is too much engaged in her work.
[C] Spero has grown out of her bad habit.  	[D] Spero is not in a desperate situation.
32. How do the public feel about the current economic situation?
[A] Optimistic.   [B] Confused.  [C] Carefree.  [D] Panicked.
33. When mentioning “the $4 million to $10 million range”(Lines 3, Paragraph 3), the author is talking about _______
[A] gold market. [B] real estate.   [C] stock exchange.  [D] venture investment.
34. Why can many people see “silver linings” to the economic slowdown?
　　[A] They would benefit in certain ways. 	[B] The stock market shows signs of recovery. 
　　[C] Such a slowdown usually precedes a boom. 	[D] The purchasing power would be enhanced.
35. To which of the following is the author likely to agree? 
　　[A] A new boom, on the horizon.	[B] Tighten the belt, the single remedy.
　　[C] Caution all right, panic not.	[D] The more ventures, the more chances.
　　
　　　Text 4
　　　
　　Americans today don't place a very high value on intellect. Our heroes are athletes, entertainers, and entrepreneurs, not scholars. Even our schools are where we send our children to get a practical education—not to pursue knowledge for the sake of knowledge. Symptoms of pervasive anti-intellectualism in our schools aren't difficult to find. 
　　“Schools have always been in a society where practical is more important than intellectual,” says education writer Diane Ravitch. “Schools could be a counterbalance.” Ravitch's latest book. Left Back: A Century of Failed School Reforms, traces the roots of anti-intellectualism in our schools, concluding they are anything but a counterbalance to the American distaste for intellectual pursuits.  
　　But they could and should be. Encouraging kids to reject the life of the mind leaves them vulnerable to exploitation and control. Without the ability to think critically, to defend their ideas and understand the ideas of others, they cannot fully participate in our democracy. Continuing along this path, says writer Earl Shorris, “We will become a second-rate country. We will have a less civil society.” 
　　“Intellect is resented as a form of power or privilege,” writes historian and professor Richard Hofstadter in Anti-intellectualism in American Life, a Pulitzer-Prize winning book on the roots of anti-intellectualism in US politics, religion, and education. From the beginning of our history, says Hofstadter, our democratic and populist urges have driven us to reject anything that smells of elitism. Practicality, common sense, and native intelligence have been considered more noble qualities than anything you could learn from a book. 
　　Ralph Waldo Emerson and other Transcendentalist philosophers thought schooling and rigorous book learning put unnatural restraints on children: “We are shut up in schools and college recitation rooms for 10 or 15 years and come out at last with a bellyful of words and do not know a thing.”Mark Twain's Huckleberry Finn exemplified American anti-intellectualism. Its hero avoids being civilized—going to school and learning to read—so he can preserve his innate goodness. 
　　Intellect, according to Hofstadter, is different from native intelligence, a quality we reluctantly admire. Intellect is the critical, creative, and contemplative side of the mind. Intelligence seeks to grasp, manipulate, re-order, and adjust, while intellect examines, ponders, wonders, theorizes, criticizes, and imagines.  
　　School remains a place where intellect is mistrusted. Hofstadter says our country's educational system is in the grips of people who “joyfully and militantly proclaim their hostility to intellect and their eagerness to identify with children who show the least intellectual promise.”
　　
36. What do American parents expect their children to acquire in school?
　　[A] The habit of thinking independently. 	[B] Profound knowledge of the world. 
　　[C] Practical abilities for future career. 	[D] The confidence in intellectual pursuits.
37. We can learn from the text that Americans have a history of________.
　　[A] undervaluing intellect.	[B] favoring intellectualism. 
　　[C] supporting school reform. 	[D] suppressing native intelligence.
38. The views of Raviteh and Emerson on schooling are ______.
　　[A] identical.    [B] similar.    [C] complementary.    [D] opposite.
39. Emerson, according to the text, is probably _________.
　　[A] a pioneer of education reform. 	[B] an opponent of intellectualism.
　　[C] a scholar in favor of intellect.	[D] an advocate of regular schooling.
40. What does the author think of intellect? 
　　[A] It is second to intelligence. 	[B] It evolves from common sense. 
　　[C] It is to be pursued.  	[D] It underlies power


Part B
Directions:
　　Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points) 

　　The relation of language and mind has interested philosophers for many centuries. (41) The Greeks assumed that the structure of language had some connection with the process of thought, which took root in Europe long before people realized how diverse languages could be. 
　　Only recently did linguists begin the serious study of languages that were very different from their own. Two anthropologist-linguists, Franz Boas and Edward Sapir, were pioneers in describing many native languages of North and South America during the first half of the twentieth century. (42) We are obliged to them because some of these languages have since vanished, as the peoples who spoke them died out or became assimilated and lost their native languages. Other linguists in the earlier part of this century, however, who were less eager to deal with bizarre data from “exotic” language, were not always so grateful. (43) The newly described languages were often so strikingly different from the well studied languages of Europe and Southeast Asia that some scholars even accused Boas and Sapir of fabricating their data. Native American languages are indeed different, so much so in fact that Navajo could be used by the US military as a code during World War II to send secret messages. 
　　Sapir’s pupil, Benjamin Lee Whorf, continued the study of American Indian languages. (44) Being interested in the relationship of language and thought, Whorf developed the idea that the structure of language determines the structure of habitual thought in a society. He reasoned that because it is easier to formulate certain concepts and not others in a given language, the speakers of that language think along one track and not along another. (45) Whorf came to believe in a sort of linguistic determinism which, in its strongest form, states that language imprisons the mind, and that the grammatical patterns in a language can produce far-reaching consequences for the culture of a society. Later, this idea became to be known as the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis, but this term is somewhat inappropriate. Although both Sapir and Whorf emphasized the diversity of languages, Sapir himself never explicitly supported the notion of linguistic determinism.
　　
　　
Section III    Writing

　　46. Directions：
　　　　　Study the following drawing carefully and write an essay in which you should
　　1. describe the drawing，
　　2. interpret its meaning, and
　　3. support your view with examples.
　　You should write about 200 words neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2 (20 points)


　　　






绝密★启用前



2005 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


1.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
3.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
5.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

　　　The human nose is an underrated tool. Humans are often thought to be insensitive   smellers   compared   with   animals,   1     this   is   largely because, 2   animals, we stand upright. This means that our noses are   3   to perceiving those  smells which float  through  the air,  4   the  majority of smells which stick to surfaces. In fact,    5    , we are extremely sensitive to smells,     6    we do not generally realize it. Our noses are capable of   7   human smells even when these are 8 to far below one part in one million.
　　　Strangely, some people find that they can smell one type of flower but not another,  9   others  are sensitive  to the smells of  both  flowers. This  may be   because some people do  not have  the  genes  necessary  to generate 10  smell receptors in the nose. These receptors are the  cells  which  sense  smells and send     11     to the brain. However, it has been found that even people insensitive to a certain smell   12   can suddenly become sensitive to it when   13   to it often enough.
　　　The  explanation for insensitivity to  smell seems to  be that the  brain finds   it 14 to keep all smell receptors working all the time but can 15 new receptors if necessary. This  may   16   explain why  we  are not usually sensitive to our own  smells – we simply do not need to be. We are not 17 of the usual smell of our own house, but we    18    new smells when we visit someone else’s. The brain finds it   best to keep smell receptors   19    for unfamiliar and emergency signals   20     the smell of smoke, which might indicate the danger of fire.


1. [A] although	[B] as	[C] but	[D] while
2. [A] above	[B] unlike	[C] excluding	[D] besides
3. [A] limited	[B] committed	[C] dedicated	[D] confined
4. [A] catching	[B] ignoring	[C] missing	[D] tracking
5.[A] anyway

6.[A] even if

7.[A] distinguishing

8.[A] diluted	[B] though

[B] if only

[B] discovering

[B] dissolved	[C] instead

[C] only if

[C] determining

[C] dispersed	[D] therefore

[D] as if

[D] detecting

[D] diffused
9. [A] when	[B] since	[C] for	[D] whereas
10. [A] unusual	[B] particular	[C] unique	[D] typical
11. [A] signs	[B] stimuli	[C] messages	[D] impulses
12. [A] at first	[B] at all	[C] at large	[D] at times
13. [A] subjected	[B] left	[C] drawn	[D] exposed
14. [A] ineffective	[B] incompetent	[C] inefficient	[D] insufficient
15. [A] introduce	[B] summon	[C] trigger	[D] create
16. [A] still	[B] also	[C] otherwise	[D] nevertheless
17. [A] sure	[B] sick	[C] aware	[D] tired
18. [A] tolerate	[B] repel	[C] neglect	[D] notice
19. [A] available	[B] reliable	[C] identifiable	[D] suitable
20. [A] similar to	[B] such as	[C] along with	[D] aside from





Section II	Reading Comprehension

Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)

Text 1

　　　Everybody loves a fat pay rise. Yet pleasure at your own can vanish if you learn that a colleague has been given a bigger one. Indeed, if he has a reputation for slacking, you might even be outraged. Such behaviour is regarded as “all too human”, with the underlying assumption that other animals would not be capable of this finely developed sense of grievance. But a study by Sarah Brosnan and Frans de Waal of Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, which has just been published in Nature, suggests that it is all too monkey, as well.
　　　The researchers studied the behaviour of female brown capuchin monkeys. They look cute. They are good-natured, co-operative creatures, and they share their food readily. Above all, like their female human counterparts, they tend to pay much closer attention to the value of “goods and services” than males.
　　　Such characteristics make them perfect candidates for Dr. Brosnan’s and Dr. de Waal’s study. The researchers spent two years teaching their monkeys to exchange tokens for food. Normally, the monkeys were happy enough to exchange pieces of rock for slices of cucumber. However, when two monkeys were placed in separate but adjoining chambers, so that each could observe what the other was getting in return for its rock, their behaviour became markedly different.
　　　In the world of capuchins grapes are luxury goods (and much preferable to cucumbers). So when one monkey was handed a grape in exchange for her token, the second was reluctant to hand hers over for a mere piece of cucumber. And if one received a grape without having to provide her token in exchange at all, the other either tossed her own token at the researcher or out of the chamber, or refused to accept the slice of cucumber. Indeed, the mere presence of a grape in the other chamber (without an actual monkey to eat it) was enough to induce resentment in a female capuchin.
　　　The researchers suggest that capuchin monkeys, like humans, are guided by social emotions. In the wild, they are a co-operative, group-living species. Such co-operation is likely to be stable only when each animal feels it is not being cheated. Feelings of righteous indignation, it seems, are not the preserve of people alone. Refusing a lesser reward completely makes these feelings abundantly clear to other members of the group. However, whether such a sense of fairness evolved independently in capuchins and humans, or whether it stems from the common ancestor that the species had 35 million years ago, is, as yet, an unanswered question.

21.In the opening paragraph, the author introduces his topic by
[A]posing a contrast.
[B]justifying an assumption.
[C]making a comparison.
[D]explaining a phenomenon.

22.The statement “it is all too monkey” (Last line, Paragraph l) implies that
[A]monkeys are also outraged by slack rivals.
[B]resenting unfairness is also monkeys’ nature.
[C]monkeys, like humans, tend to be jealous of each other.
[D]no animals other than monkeys can develop such emotions.

23.Female capuchin monkeys were chosen for the research most probably because they are
[A]more inclined to weigh what they get.
[B]attentive to researchers’ instructions.
[C]nice in both appearance and temperament.
[D]more generous than their male companions.

24.Dr. Brosnan and Dr. de Waal have eventually found in their study that the monkeys
[A]prefer grapes to cucumbers.
[B]can be taught to exchange things.
[C]will not be co-operative if feeling cheated.
[D]are unhappy when separated from others.

25.What can we infer from the last paragraph?
[A]Monkeys can be trained to develop social emotions.
[B]Human indignation evolved from an uncertain source.
[C]Animals usually show their feelings openly as humans do.
[D]Cooperation among monkeys remains stable only in the wild.

Text 2

　　Do you remember all those years when scientists argued that smoking would kill us but the doubters insisted that we didn’t know for sure? That the evidence was inconclusive, the science uncertain? That the antismoking lobby was out to destroy our way of life and the government should stay out of the way? Lots of Americans bought that nonsense, and over three decades, some 10 million smokers went to early graves.
　　There are upsetting parallels today, as scientists in one wave after another try to awaken us to the growing threat of global warming. The latest was a panel from the National Academy of Sciences, enlisted by the White House, to tell us that the Earth’s atmosphere is definitely warming and that the problem is largely man-made. The  clear message is that we should get moving to protect ourselves. The president of the National Academy, Bruce Alberts, added this key point in the preface to the panel’s report: “Science never has all the answers. But science does provide us with the best available guide to the future, and it is critical that our nation and the world base important policies on the best judgments that science can provide concerning the future consequences of present actions.”
　　Just as on smoking, voices now come from many quarters insisting that the science about global warming is incomplete, that it’s OK to keep pouring fumes into the air until we know for sure. This is a dangerous game: by the time 100 percent of the evidence is in, it may be too late. With the risks obvious and growing, a prudent people would take out an insurance policy now.
　　Fortunately, the White House is starting to pay attention. But it’s obvious that a majority of the president’s advisers still don’t take global warming seriously. Instead of a plan of action, they continue to press for more research – a classic case of “paralysis by analysis”.
　　To serve as responsible stewards of the planet, we must press forward on deeper atmospheric and oceanic research. But research alone is inadequate. If the Administration won’t take the legislative initiative, Congress should help to begin fashioning conservation measures. A bill by Democratic Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia, which would offer financial incentives for private industry, is a promising start. Many see that the country is getting ready to build lots of new power plants to meet our energy needs. If we are ever going to protect the atmosphere, it is crucial  that those new plants be environmentally sound.

26.An argument made by supporters of smoking was that
[A]there was no scientific evidence of the correlation between smoking and death.
[B]the number of early deaths of smokers in the past decades was insignificant.
[C]people had the freedom to choose their own way of life.
[D]antismoking people were usually talking nonsense.

27.According to Bruce Alberts, science can serve as
[A]a protector.
[B]a judge.
[C]a critic.
[D]a guide.

28.What does the author mean by “paralysis by analysis” (Last line, Paragraph 4)?
[A]Endless studies kill action.
[B]Careful investigation reveals truth.
[C]Prudent planning hinders progress.
[D]Extensive research helps decision-making.

29.According to the author, what should the Administration do about global warming?
[A]Offer aid to build cleaner power plants.
[B]Raise public awareness of conservation.
[C]Press for further scientific research.
[D]Take some legislative measures.

30.The author associates the issue of global warming with that of smoking because
[A]they both suffered from the government’s negligence.
[B]a lesson from the latter is applicable to the former.
[C]the outcome of the latter aggravates the former.
[D]both of them have turned from bad to worse.

Text 3

　　Of all the components of a good night’s sleep, dreams seem to be least within our control. In dreams, a window opens into a world where logic is suspended and dead people speak. A century ago, Freud formulated his revolutionary theory that dreams were the disguised shadows of our unconscious desires and fears; by the late 1970s, neurologists had switched to thinking of them as just “mental noise” – the random byproducts of the neural-repair work that goes on during sleep. Now researchers suspect that dreams are part of the mind’s emotional thermostat, regulating moods while the brain is “off-line.” And one leading authority says that these intensely powerful mental events can be not only harnessed but actually brought under conscious control, to help us sleep and feel better. “It’s your dream,” says Rosalind Cartwright, chair of psychology at Chicago’s Medical Center. “If you don’t like it, change it.”
　　Evidence from brain imaging supports this view. The brain is as active during REM (rapid eye movement) sleep – when most vivid dreams occur – as it is when fully awake, says Dr. Eric Nofzinger at the University of Pittsburgh. But not all parts of the brain are equally involved; the limbic system (the “emotional brain”) is especially active, while the prefrontal cortex (the center of intellect and reasoning) is relatively quiet. “We wake up from dreams happy or depressed, and those feelings  can stay with us all day.” says Stanford sleep researcher Dr. William Dement.
　　The link between dreams and emotions shows up among the patients in Cartwright’s clinic. Most people seem to have more bad dreams early in the night, progressing toward happier ones before awakening, suggesting that they are working through negative feelings generated during the day. Because our conscious mind is occupied with daily life we don’t always think about the emotional significance of the day’s events – until, it appears, we begin to dream.
　　And this process need not be left to the unconscious. Cartwright believes one can exercise conscious control over recurring bad dreams. As soon as you awaken, identify what is upsetting about the dream. Visualize how you would like it to end instead; the next time it occurs, try to wake up just enough to control its course. With much practice people can learn to, literally, do it in their sleep.
　　At the end of the day, there’s probably little reason to pay attention to our dreams at all unless they keep us from sleeping or “we wake up in a panic,” Cartwright says. Terrorism, economic uncertainties and general feelings of insecurity have increased people’s anxiety. Those suffering from persistent nightmares should seek help from a therapist. For the rest of us, the brain has its ways of working through bad feelings. Sleep – or rather dream – on it and you’ll feel better in the morning.

31.Researchers have come to believe that dreams
[A]can be modified in their courses.
[B]are susceptible to emotional changes.
[C]reflect our innermost desires and fears.
[D]are a random outcome of neural repairs.

32.By referring to the limbic system, the author intends to show
[A]its function in our dreams.
[B]the mechanism of REM sleep.
[C]the relation of dreams to emotions.
[D]its difference from the prefrontal cortex.

33.The negative feelings generated during the day tend to
[A]aggravate in our unconscious mind.
[B]develop into happy dreams.
[C]persist till the time we fall asleep.
[D]show up in dreams early at night.

34.Cartwright seems to suggest that
[A]waking up in time is essential to the ridding of bad dreams.
[B]visualizing bad dreams helps bring them under control.
[C]dreams should be left to their natural progression.
[D]dreaming may not entirely belong to the unconscious.

35.What advice might Cartwright give to those who sometimes have bad dreams?
[A]Lead your life as usual.
[B]Seek professional help.
[C]Exercise conscious control.
[D]Avoid anxiety in the daytime.

Text 4

　　Americans no longer expect public figures, whether in speech or in writing, to command the English language with skill and gift. Nor do they aspire to such command themselves. In his latest book, Doing Our Own Thing: The Degradation of Language and Music and Why We Should Like, Care, John McWhorter, a linguist and controversialist of mixed liberal and conservative views, sees the triumph of 1960s counter-culture as responsible for the decline of formal English.
　　Blaming the permissive 1960s is nothing new, but this is not yet another criticism against the decline in education. Mr. McWhorter’s academic speciality is language history and change, and he sees the gradual disappearance of “whom”, for example,  to be natural and no more regrettable than the loss of the case-endings of Old English.
　　But the cult of the authentic and the personal, “doing our own thing”, has spelt the death of formal speech, writing, poetry and music. While even the modestly educated sought an elevated tone when they put pen to paper before the 1960s, even the most well regarded writing since then has sought to capture spoken English on the page. Equally, in poetry, the highly personal, performative genre is the only form that could claim real liveliness. In both oral and written English, talking is triumphing  over speaking, spontaneity over craft.
　　Illustrated with an entertaining array of examples from both high and low culture, the trend that Mr. McWhorter documents is unmistakable. But it is less clear, to take the question of his subtitle, why we should, like, care. As a linguist, he acknowledges that all varieties of human language, including non-standard ones like Black English, can be powerfully expressive – there exists no language or dialect in the world that cannot convey complex ideas. He is not arguing, as many do, that we can no longer think straight because we do not talk proper.
　　Russians have a deep love for their own language and carry large chunks of memorized poetry in their heads, while Italian politicians tend to elaborate speech  that would seem old-fashioned to most English-speakers. Mr. McWhorter acknowledges that formal language is not strictly necessary, and proposes no radical education reforms – he is really grieving over the loss of something beautiful more than useful. We now take our English “on paper plates instead of china”. A shame, perhaps, but probably an inevitable one.

36.According to Mc Whorter, the decline of formal English
[A]is inevitable in radical education reforms.
[B]is but all too natural in language development.
[C]has caused the controversy over the counter-culture.
[D]brought about changes in public attitudes in the 1960s.

37.The word “talking” (Line 6, Paragraph 3) denotes
[A]modesty.
[B]personality.
[C]liveliness.
[D]informality.

38.To which of the following statements would McWhorter most likely agree?
[A]Logical thinking is not necessarily related to the way we talk.
[B]Black English can be more expressive than standard English.
[C]Non-standard varieties of human language are just as entertaining.
[D]Of all the varieties, standard English can best convey complex ideas.

39.The description of Russians’ love of memorizing poetry shows the author’s
[A]interest in their language.
[B]appreciation of their efforts.
[C]admiration for their memory.
[D]contempt for their old-fashionedness.

40.According to the last paragraph, “paper plates” is to “china” as
[A]“temporary” is to “permanent”.
[B]“radical” is to “conservative”.
[C]“functional” is to “artistic”.
[D]“humble” is to “noble”.

Part B
Directions:
In the following text, some sentences have been removed. For Questions  41-45, choose the most suitable one from the list A-G to fit into each of the numbered blanks. There are two extra choices, which do not fit in any of the gaps. Mark your answers  on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

　　Canada’s premiers (the leaders of provincial governments), if they have any breath left after complaining about Ottawa at their late July annual meeting, might spare a moment to do something, together, to reduce health-care costs.
　　They’re all groaning about soaring health budgets, the fastest-growing component of which are pharmaceutical costs.
(41)  	
　　What to do? Both the Romanow commission and the Kirby committee on health care – to say nothing of reports from other experts – recommended the creation of a national drug agency. Instead of each province having its own list of approved drugs, bureaucracy, procedures and limited bargaining power, all would pool resources, work with Ottawa, and create a national institution.
(42)  	
　　But “national” doesn’t have to mean that. “National”  could  mean interprovincial – provinces combining efforts to create one body.
　　Either way, one benefit of a “national” organization would be to negotiate better prices, if possible, with drug manufacturers. Instead of having one province – or a series of hospitals within a province – negotiate a price for a given drug on the provincial list, the national agency would negotiate on behalf of all provinces.
　　Rather than, say, Quebec, negotiating on behalf of seven million people, the national agency would negotiate on behalf of 31 million people. Basic economics suggests the greater the potential consumers, the higher the likelihood of a better price.
(43)  	
　　A small step has been taken in the direction of a national agency with the creation of the Canadian Co-ordinating Office for Health Technology Assessment, funded by Ottawa and the provinces. Under it, a Common Drug Review recommends to provincial lists which new drugs should be included. Predictably, and regrettably, Quebec refused to join.
　　A few premiers are suspicious of any federal-provincial deal-making. They (particularly Quebec and Alberta) just want Ottawa to fork over additional billions with few, if any, strings attached. That’s one reason why the idea of a national list hasn’t gone anywhere, while drug costs keep rising fast.

(44)  	
　　Premiers love to quote Mr. Romanow’s report selectively, especially the parts about more federal money. Perhaps they should read what he had to say about drugs： “A national drug agency would provide governments more influence on pharmaceutical companies in order to try to constrain the ever-increasing cost of drugs.”
(45)  	
　　So when the premiers gather in Niagara Falls to assemble their usual complaint list, they should also get cracking about something in their jurisdiction that would  help their budgets and patients.

[A]Quebec’s resistance to a national agency is provincialist ideology. One of the first advocates for a national list was a researcher at Laval University. Quebec’s Drug Insurance Fund has seen its costs skyrocket with annual increases from 14.3 per cent to 26.8 per cent!

[B]Or they could read Mr. Kirby’s  report:  “The  substantial  buying  power  of  such an agency would strengthen the public prescription-drug insurance plans to negotiate the lowest possible purchase prices from drug companies.”

[C]What does “national” mean? Roy Romanow and Senator Michael Kirby recommended a federal-provincial body much like the recently created National Health Council.

[D]The problem is simple and stark: health-care costs have been, are, and will continue to increase faster than government revenues.

[E]According to the Canadian Institute for Health Information, prescription drug costs have risen since 1997 at twice the rate of overall health-care spending. Part of the increase comes from drugs being used to replace other kinds of treatments. Part of it arises from new drugs costing more than older kinds. Part of it is higher prices.

[F]So, if the provinces want to run the health-care show, they should prove they can run it, starting with an interprovincial health list that would end duplication, save administrative costs, prevent one province from being played off  against  another, and bargain for better drug prices.

[G]Of course, the pharmaceutical companies will scream. They like divided buyers; they can lobby better that way. They can use the threat of removing jobs from  one province to another. They can hope that, if one province includes a drug on its list, the pressure will cause others to include it on theirs. They wouldn’t like a national agency, but self-interest would lead them to deal with it.

Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)

　　It is not easy to talk about the role of the mass media in this overwhelmingly significant phase in European history. History and news become confused, and one’s impressions tend to be a mixture of skepticism and optimism. (46) Television is one  of the means by which these feelings are created and conveyed – and perhaps never before has it served so much to connect different peoples and nations as in the recent events in Europe. The Europe that is now forming cannot be anything other than its peoples, their cultures and national identities. With this in mind we can begin to analyze the European television scene. (47) In Europe, as elsewhere, multi-media groups have been increasingly successful; groups which bring together television, radio, newspapers, magazines and publishing houses that work in relation to one another. One Italian example would be the Berlusconi group, while abroad Maxwell and Murdoch come to mind.
　　Clearly, only the biggest and most flexible television companies are going to be able to compete in such a rich and hotly-contested market. (48) This alone demonstrates that the television business is not an easy world to survive in, a fact underlined by statistics that show that out of eighty European television networks, no less than 50% took a loss in 1989.
　　Moreover, the integration of the European community will oblige television companies to cooperate more closely in terms of both production and distribution.
　　(49) Creating a “European identity” that respects the different cultures and traditions which go to make up the connecting fabric of the Old Continent is no easy task and demands a strategic choice – that of producing programs in Europe for Europe. This entails reducing our dependence on the North American market, whose programs relate to experiences and cultural traditions which are different from our own.
　　In order to achieve these objectives, we must concentrate more on co-productions, the exchange of news, documentary services and training. This also involves the agreements between European countries for the creation of a European bank for Television Production which, on the model of the European Investments Bank, will handle the finances necessary for production costs. (50) In dealing with a challenge   on such a  scale,  it  is  no  exaggeration  to  say,  “United  we  stand,  divided  we  fall” – and if I had to choose a slogan it would be “Unity in our diversity.” A unity of objectives that nonetheless respect the varied peculiarities of each country.

Section III	Writing
Part A
51.Directions:
　　Two months ago you got a job as an editor for the magazine Designs & Fashions. But now you find that the work is not what you expected. You decide to quit. Write a letter to your boss, Mr. Wang, telling him your decision, stating your reason(s), and making an apology.
　　Write your letter with no less than 100 words. Write it neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter; use “Li Ming” instead. You do not need to write the address. (10 points)


Part B
52.Directions:
　　Write an essay of 160 – 200 words based on the following drawing. In your essay, you should first describe the drawing, then interpret its meaning, and give your comment on it.
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)



绝密★启用前



2006 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


6.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
7.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
8.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
9.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
10.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	



Directions:

Section I	Use of English


Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered  blank  and  mark A, B, C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

The homeless make up a growing percentage of America’s population.
    1 ， homelessness has reached such proportions that local governments can’t possibly   2   .  To  help  homeless  people   3    independence,  the  federal government must support job training programs, 4  the minimum wage, and fund more low-cost housing.
    5 everyone agrees on the number of Americans who are homeless. Estimates
    6   anywhere from 600,000 to 3 million.   7   the figure may vary, analysts do  agree on another matter: that the number of  the  homeless is  8  . One of the  federal government’s studies   9    that the  number  of  the homeless  will  reach nearly 19 million by the end of this decade.
　　Finding ways to 10 this growing homeless population has become increasingly difficult.    11    when homeless individuals manage to find a    12    that will give them three meals a day and a place to sleep at night, a good number still spend the bulk of each day   13   the street. Part of the problem is that many homeless adults   are addicted to alcohol or drugs. And a significant number of the homeless have serious mental disorders. Many others,    14    not addicted or mentally ill, simply  lack the everyday  15   skills needed to turn their lives   16   . Boston Globe reporter Chris Reidy notes that the situation will  improve only  when there ar e 17 pr o g r a m s th a t ad d r e s s th e ma n y ne e d s of th e ho m e l e s s .
      18 Edward Zlotkowski, director of community service at Bentley College in Massachusetts,  19    it, “There has to be    20    of programs. What’s needed is a package deal.”


9.[A] Indeed
10.[A] stand	[B] Likewise
[B] cope	[C] Therefore
[C] approve	[D] Furthermore
[D] retain
3. [A] in	[B] for	[C] with	[D] toward
4. [A] raise	[B] add	[C] take	[D] keep


5. [A] Generally	[B] Almost	[C] Hardly	[D] Not
6. [A] cover	[B] change	[C] range	[D] differ
7. [A] Now that	[B] Although	[C] Provided	[D] Except that
8. [A] inflating	[B] expanding	[C] increasing	[D] extending
9. [A] predicts	[B] displays	[C] proves	[D] discovers
10. [A] assist	[B] track	[C] sustain	[D] dismiss
11. [A] Hence	[B] But	[C] Even	[D] Only
12. [A] lodging	[B] shelter	[C] dwelling	[D] house
13. [A] searching	[B] strolling	[C] crowding	[D] wandering
14. [A] when	[B] once	[C] while	[D] whereas
15. [A] life	[B] existence	[C] survival	[D] maintenance
16. [A] around	[B] over	[C] on	[D] up
17. [A] complex	[B] comprehensive	[C] complementary	[D] compensating
18. [A] So	[B] Since	[C] As	[D] Thus
19. [A] puts	[B] interprets	[C] assumes	[D] makes
20. [A] supervision	[B] manipulation	[C] regulation	[D] coordination







Section II	Reading Comprehension


Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)

Text 1

　　　In spite of “endless talk of difference,” American society is an amazing machine for homogenizing people. There is “the democratizing uniformity of dress and discourse, and the casualness and absence of deference” characteristic of popular culture. People are absorbed into “a culture of consumption” launched by the 19th-century department stores that offered “vast arrays of goods in an elegant atmosphere. Instead of intimate shops catering to a knowledgeable elite” these were stores “anyone could enter, regardless of class or background. This turned shopping into a public and democratic act.” The mass media, advertising and sports are other forces for homogenization.
　　Immigrants are quickly fitting into this common culture, which may not be altogether elevating but is hardly poisonous. Writing for the National Immigration Forum, Gregory Rodriguez reports that today’s immigration is neither at unprecedented levels nor resistant to assimilation. In 1998 immigrants were 9.8 percent of the population; in 1900, 13.6 percent. In the 10 years prior to 1990, 3.1 immigrants arrived for every 1,000 residents; in the 10 years prior to 1890, 9.2 for every 1,000. Now, consider three indices of assimilation – language, home ownership and intermarriage.
　　The 1990 Census revealed that “a majority of immigrants from each of the fifteen most common countries of origin spoke English ‘well’ or ‘very well’ after ten years of residence.” The children of immigrants tend to be bilingual and proficient in English. “By the third generation, the original language is lost in the majority of immigrant families.” Hence the description of America as a “graveyard” for languages. By 1996 foreign-born immigrants who had arrived before 1970 had a home ownership rate of
75.6 percent, higher than the 69.8 percent rate among native-born Americans.
　　Foreign-born Asians and Hispanics “have higher rates of intermarriage than do U.S.-born whites and blacks.” By the third generation, one third of Hispanic women are married to non-Hispanics, and 41 percent of Asian-American women are married to non-Asians.
　　　Rodriguez notes that children in remote villages around the world are fans of superstars like Arnold Schwarzenegger and Garth Brooks, yet “some Americans fear that immigrants living within the United States remain somehow immune to the nation’s assimilative power.”
　　　Are there divisive issues and pockets of seething anger in America? Indeed. It is big enough to have a bit of everything. But particularly when viewed against America’s turbulent past, today’s social indices hardly suggest a dark and deteriorating social environment.

41.The word “homogenizing” (Line 2, Paragraph 1) most probably means
[A]identifying.
[B]associating.
[C]assimilating.
[D]monopolizing.

42.According to the author, the department stores of the 19th century
[A]played a role in the spread of popular culture.
[B]became intimate shops for common consumers.
[C]satisfied the needs of a knowledgeable elite.
[D]owed its emergence to the culture of consumption.

43.The text suggests that immigrants now in the U.S.
[A]are resistant to homogenization.
[B]exert a great influence on American culture.
[C]are hardly a threat to the common culture.
[D]constitute the majority of the population.

44.Why are Arnold Schwarzenegger and Garth Brooks mentioned in Paragraph 5?
[A]To prove their popularity around the world.
[B]To reveal the public’s fear of immigrants.
[C]To give examples of successful immigrants.
[D]To show the powerful influence of American culture.

45.In the author’s opinion, the absorption of immigrants into American society is
[A]rewarding.
[B]successful.
[C]fruitless.
[D]harmful.

Text 2

　　　Stratford-on-Avon, as we all know, has only one industry  –  William Shakespeare – but there are two distinctly separate and increasingly hostile branches. There is the Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC), which presents superb productions of the plays at the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre on the Avon. And there are the townsfolk who largely live off the tourists who come, not to see the plays, but to look at Anne Hathaway’s Cottage, Shakespeare’s birthplace and the other sights.
　　　The worthy residents of Stratford doubt that the theater adds a penny to their revenue. They frankly dislike the RSC’s actors, them with their long hair and beards and sandals and noisiness. It’s all deliciously ironic when you consider that Shakespeare, who earns their living, was himself an actor (with a beard) and did his share of noise-making.
　　　The tourist streams are not entirely  separate.  The  sightseers  who  come  by  bus – and often take in Warwick Castle and Blenheim Palace on the side – don’t usually see the plays, and some of them are even surprised to find a theatre in Stratford. However, the playgoers do manage a little sight-seeing along with their playgoing. It is the playgoers, the RSC contends, who bring in much of the town’s revenue because they spend the night (some of them four or five nights) pouring cash into the hotels and restaurants. The sightseers can take in everything and get out of town by nightfall.
　　　The townsfolk don’t see it this way and the local council does not contribute directly to the subsidy of the Royal Shakespeare Company. Stratford cries poor traditionally. Nevertheless every hotel in town seems to be adding a new wing or cocktail lounge. Hilton is building its own hotel there, which you may be sure will be decorated with Hamlet Hamburger Bars, the Lear Lounge, the Banquo Banqueting Room, and so forth, and will be very expensive.
　　　Anyway, the townsfolk can’t understand why the Royal Shakespeare Company needs a subsidy. (The theatre has broken attendance records for three years in a row. Last year its 1,431 seats were 94 per cent occupied all year long and this year they’ll do better.) The reason, of course, is that costs have rocketed and ticket prices have stayed low.
　　　It would be a shame to raise prices too much because it would drive away the young people who are Stratford’s most attractive clientele. They come entirely for the plays, not the sights. They all seem to  look  alike  (though  they  come  from  all  over) – lean, pointed, dedicated faces, wearing jeans and sandals, eating their buns and bedding down for the night on the flagstones outside the theatre to buy the 20 seats and 80 standing-room tickets held for the sleepers and sold to them when the box office opens at 10:30 a.m.

46.From the first two paragraphs, we learn that
[A]the townsfolk deny the RSC’s contribution to the town’s revenue.
[B]the actors of the RSC imitate Shakespeare on and off stage.
[C]the two branches of the RSC are not on good terms.
[D]the townsfolk earn little from tourism.

47.It can be inferred from Paragraph 3 that
[A]the sightseers cannot visit the Castle and the Palace separately.
[B]the playgoers spend more money than the sightseers.
[C]the sightseers do more shopping than the playgoers.
[D]the playgoers go to no other places in town than the theater.

48.By saying “Stratford cries poor traditionally” (Line 2, Paragraph 4), the author implies that
[A]Stratford cannot afford the expansion projects.
[B]Stratford has long been in financial difficulties.
[C]the town is not really short of money.
[D]the townsfolk used to be poorly paid.

49.According to the townsfolk, the RSC deserves no subsidy because
[A]ticket prices can be raised to cover the spending.
[B]the company is financially ill-managed.
[C]the behavior of the actors is not socially acceptable.
[D]the theatre attendance is on the rise.

50.From the text we can conclude that the author
[A]is supportive of both sides.
[B]favors the townsfolk’s view.
[C]takes a detached attitude.
[D]is sympathetic to the RSC.

Text 3

　　　When prehistoric man arrived in new parts of the world, something strange happened to the large animals: they suddenly became extinct. Smaller species survived. The large, slow-growing animals were easy game, and were quickly hunted to extinction. Now something similar could be happening in the oceans.
　　　That the seas are being overfished has been known for years. What researchers such as Ransom Myers and Boris Worm have shown is just how fast things are changing. They have looked at half a century of data from fisheries around the world. Their methods do not attempt to estimate the actual biomass (the amount of living biological matter) of fish species in particular parts of the ocean, but rather changes in that biomass over time. According to their latest paper published in Nature, the biomass of large predators (animals that kill and eat other animals) in a new fishery is reduced on average by 80% within 15 years of the start of exploitation. In some long-fished areas, it has halved again since then.
　　　Dr. Worm acknowledges that these figures are conservative. One reason for this is that fishing technology has improved. Today’s vessels can find their prey using satellites and sonar, which were not available 50 years ago. That means a higher proportion of what is in the sea is being caught, so the real difference between present and past is likely to be worse than the one recorded by changes in catch sizes. In the early days, too, longlines would have been more saturated with fish. Some individuals would therefore not have been caught, since no baited hooks would have been available to trap them, leading to an underestimate of fish stocks in the past. Furthermore, in the early days of longline fishing, a lot of fish were lost to sharks  after they had been hooked. That is no longer a problem, because there are fewer sharks around now.
　　　Dr. Myers and Dr. Worm argue that their work gives a correct baseline, which future management efforts must take into account. They believe the data support an idea current among marine biologists, that of the “shifting baseline”. The notion is that people have failed to detect the massive changes which have happened in the ocean because they have been looking back only a relatively short time into the past. That matters because theory suggests that the maximum sustainable yield that can be cropped from a fishery comes when the biomass of a target species is about 50% of  its original levels. Most fisheries are well below that, which is a bad way to do business.

51.The extinction of large prehistoric animals is noted to suggest that
[A]large animals were vulnerable to the changing environment.
[B]small species survived as large animals disappeared.
[C]large sea animals may face the same threat today.
[D]slow-growing fish outlive fast-growing ones.

52.We can infer from Dr. Myers and Dr. Worm’s paper that
[A]the stock of large predators in some old fisheries has reduced by 90%.
[B]there are only half as many fisheries as there were 15 years ago.
[C]the catch sizes in new fisheries are only 20% of the original amount.
[D]the number of large predators dropped faster in new fisheries than in the old.

53.By saying “these figures are conservative” (Line 1, Paragraph 3), Dr. Worm means that
[A]fishing technology has improved rapidly.
[B]the catch-sizes are actually smaller than recorded.
[C]the marine biomass has suffered a greater loss.
[D]the data collected so far are out of date.

54.Dr. Myers and other researchers hold that
[A]people should look for a baseline that can work for a longer time.
[B]fisheries should keep their yields below 50% of the biomass.
[C]the ocean biomass should be restored to its original level.
[D]people should adjust the fishing baseline to the changing situation.

55.The author seems to be mainly concerned with most fisheries’
[A]management efficiency.
[B]biomass level.
[C]catch-size limits.
[D]technological application.

Text 4

　　　Many things make people think artists are weird. But the weirdest may be this: artists’ only job is to explore emotions, and yet they choose to focus on the ones that feel bad.
　　　This wasn’t always so. The earliest forms of art, like painting and music, are those best suited for expressing joy. But somewhere from the 19th century onward, more artists began seeing happiness as meaningless, phony or, worst of all, boring, as we went from Wordsworth’s daffodils to Baudelaire’s flowers of evil.
　　　You could argue that art became more skeptical of happiness because modern times have seen so much misery. But it’s not as if earlier times didn’t know perpetual war, disaster and the massacre of innocents. The reason, in fact, may be just the opposite: there is too much damn happiness in the world today.
　　　After all, what is the one modern form of expression almost completely  dedicated to depicting happiness? Advertising. The rise of anti-happy art almost exactly tracks the emergence of mass media, and with it, a commercial culture in which happiness is not just an ideal but an ideology.
　　　People in earlier eras were surrounded by reminders of misery. They worked until exhausted, lived with few protections and died young. In the West, before mass communication and literacy, the most powerful mass medium was the church, which reminded worshippers that their souls were in danger and that they would someday be meat for worms. Given all this, they did not exactly need their art to be a bummer too.
　　　Today the messages the average Westerner is surrounded with are not religious but commercial, and forever happy. Fast-food eaters, news anchors, text messengers, all smiling, smiling, smiling. Our magazines feature beaming celebrities and happy families in perfect homes. And since these messages have an agenda – to lure us to open our wallets – they make the very idea of happiness seem unreliable.“Celebrate!” commanded the ads for the arthritis drug Celebrex, before we found out it could increase the risk of heart attacks.
　　　But what we forget – what our economy depends on us forgetting – is that happiness is more than pleasure without pain. The things that bring the greatest joy carry the greatest potential for loss and disappointment. Today, surrounded  by promises of easy happiness, we need art to tell us, as religion once did, Memento mori: remember that you will die, that everything ends, and that happiness comes not in denying this but in living with it. It’s a message even more bitter than a  clove cigarette, yet, somehow, a breath of fresh air.

56.By citing the examples of poets Wordsworth and Baudelaire, the author intends   to show that
[A]poetry is not as expressive of joy as painting or music.
[B]art grows out of both positive and negative feelings.
[C]poets today are less skeptical of happiness.
[D]artists have changed their focus of interest.

57.The word “bummer” (Line 5, Paragraph 5) most probably means something
[A]religious.
[B]unpleasant.
[C]entertaining.
[D]commercial.

58.In the author’s opinion, advertising
[A]emerges in the wake of the anti-happy art.
[B]is a cause of disappointment for the general public.
[C]replaces the church as a major source of information.
[D]creates an illusion of happiness rather than happiness itself.

59.We can learn from the last paragraph that the author believes
[A]happiness more often than not ends in sadness.
[B]the anti-happy art is distasteful but refreshing.
[C]misery should be enjoyed rather than denied.
[D]the anti-happy art flourishes when economy booms.

60.Which of the following is true of the text?
[A]Religion once functioned as a reminder of misery.
[B]Art provides a balance between expectation and reality.
[C]People feel disappointed at the realities of modern society.
[D]Mass media are inclined to cover disasters and deaths.

Part B
Directions:
In the following article, some sentences have been removed. For Questions 41-45, choose the most suitable one from the list A-G to fit into each of numbered gaps. There are two extra choices, which you do not need to use. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

　　　On the north bank of the Ohio river sits Evansville, Ind., home of David Williams, 52, and of a riverboat casino (a place where gambling games are played). During several years of gambling in that casino, Williams, a state auditor earning
$35,000 a year, lost approximately $175,000. He had never gambled before the casino sent him a coupon for $20 worth of gambling.
　　　He visited the casino, lost the $20 and left. On his second visit he lost $800. The casino issued to him, as a good customer, a “Fun Card,” which when used in the casino earns points for meals and drinks, and enables the casino to track the user’s gambling activities. For Williams, those activities became what he calls “electronic heroin.”
　　　(41) 	In 1997 he lost $21,000 to one slot machine in two days. In March 1997 he lost $72,186. He sometimes played two slot machines at a time, all night, until the boat docked at 5 a.m., then went back aboard when the casino opened at 9 a.m. Now he is suing the casino, charging that it should have refused his patronage because it knew he was addicted. It did know he had a problem.
　　　In March 1998, a friend of Williams’s got him involuntarily confined to a treatment center for addictions, and wrote to inform the casino of  Williams’s gambling problem. The casino included a photo of Williams among those of banned gamblers, and wrote to him a “cease admissions” letter. Noting the “medical/psychological” nature of problem gambling behavior, the letter said that before being readmitted to the casino he would have to present medical/psychological information demonstrating that patronizing the casino would pose no threat to his safety or well-being.
(42)  	
　　　The Wall Street Journal reports that the casino has 24 signs warning:“Enjoy the fun...and always bet with your head, not over it.” Every entrance ticket lists a toll-free number for counseling from the Indiana Department of Mental Health. Nevertheless, Williams’s suit charges that the casino, knowing he was “helplessly addicted to gambling,” intentionally worked to “lure” him to “engage in conduct against  his will.” Well.

(43)  	
　　　The fourth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders says “pathological gambling” involves persistent, recurring and uncontrollable pursuit less of money than of the thrill of taking risks in quest of a windfall.
　　　(44) 	Pushed by science, or what claims to be science, society is reclassifying what once were considered character flaws or moral failings as personality disorders akin to physical disabilities.
(45)  	
　　　Forty-four states have lotteries, 29 have casinos, and most of these states are to varying degrees dependent on – you might say addicted to – revenues  from  wagering. And since the first Internet gambling site was created in 1995, competition for gamblers’ dollars has become intense. The Oct. 28 issue of Newsweek reported that 2 million gamblers patronize 1,800 virtual casinos every week. With $3.5 billion being lost on Internet wagers this year, gambling has passed pornography as the  Web’s most profitable business.

[H]Although no such evidence was presented, the casino’s marketing department continued to pepper  him with  mailings. And  he entered the casino  and  used  his Fun Card without being detected.

[I]It  is  unclear  what  luring  was  required,  given  his  compulsive  behavior.   And in what sense was his will operative?

[J]By the time he had lost $5,000 he said to himself that if he could get back to even, he would quit. One night he won $5,500, but he did not quit.

[K]Gambling has been a common feature of American life forever, but for a long time it was broadly considered a sin, or a social disease. Now it is a social  policy: the most  important and  aggressive  promoter of  gambling in  America  is the government.

[L]David Williams’s suit should trouble this gambling nation. But don’t bet on it.

[M]It is worrisome that society is medicalizing more and more behavioral problems, often defining as addictions what earlier, sterner generations explained as weakness of will.

[N]The anonymous, lonely, undistracted nature of online gambling is especially conducive to compulsive behavior. But even if the government knew how to move against Internet gambling, what would be its grounds for doing so?

Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese, Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)

　　　Is it true that the American intellectual is rejected and considered of no account in his society? I am going to suggest that it is not true. Father Bruckberger told part of the story when he observed that it is the intellectuals who have rejected America. But they have done more than that. They have grown dissatisfied with the role of the intellectual. It is they, not America, who have become anti-intellectual.
　　First, the object of our study pleads for definition. What is an intellectual? (46) I shall define him as an individual who has elected as his primary duty and pleasure in
life the activity of thinking in a Socratic(苏格拉底) way about moral problems. He
explores such problems consciously, articulately, and frankly, first by asking factual questions, then by asking moral questions, finally by suggesting action which seems appropriate in the light of the factual and moral information which he has obtained.
(47) His function is analogous to that of a judge, who must accept the obligation of revealing in as obvious a manner as possible the course of reasoning which led him to his decision.
　　This  definition  excludes  many  individuals  usually  referred  to  as   intellectuals – the average scientist, for one. (48) I have excluded him because, while his accomplishments may contribute to the solution of moral problems, he has not been charged with the task of approaching any but the factual aspects of those problems. Like other human beings, he encounters moral issues even in the everyday performance of his routine duties – he is not supposed to cook his experiments, manufacture evidence, or doctor his reports. (49) But his primary task is not to think about the moral code which governs his activity, any more than a businessman is expected to dedicate his energies to  an  exploration  of  rules  of  conduct  in  business. During most of his waking life he will take his code for granted, as the businessman takes his ethics.
　　The definition also excludes the majority of teachers, despite the fact that teaching has traditionally been the method whereby many intellectuals earn their living. (50) They may teach very well, and more than earn their salaries, but most of them make little or no independent reflections on human problems which involve moral judgment. This description even fits the majority of eminent scholars. Being learned in some branch of human knowledge is one thing ； living in “public and illustrious thoughts,” as Emerson would say, is something else.

Section III	Writing
Part A
53.Directions:
　　　You want to contribute to Project Hope by offering financial aid to a child in a remote area. Write a letter to the department concerned, asking them to help find a candidate. You should specify what kind of child you want to help and how you will carry out your plan.
Write your letter in no less than 100 words. Write it neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter; use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)


Part B
54.Directions:
Study the following photos carefully and write an essay in which you should
?describe the photos briefly,
?interpret the social phenomenon reflected by them, and
?give your point of view.
You should write 160-200 words neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)


注：Beckham（贝克汉姆）——英国足球明星。

绝密★启用前



2007 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


1.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
3.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
5.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

Section I	Use of English

Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

　　　By 1830 the former Spanish and Portuguese colonies had become independent nations. The roughly 20 million    1    of these nations looked     2     to the future. Born in the crisis of the old regime and Iberian colonialism, many of the leaders of independence     3     the ideals of representative  government, careers     4     to   talent, freedom of commerce and trade, the    5    to private property, and a belief in the individual as the basis of society.  6  there was a belief that the new nations  should be sovereign and independent states, large enough to be  economically viable and integrated by a 7 set of laws.
　　　On the issue of     8     of religion and the position of the Church,     9     ,      there was less  agreement     10       the leadership. Roman  Catholicism had been   the state religion  and  the  only one    11   by  the Spanish  crown.    12     most leaders sought to  maintain Catholicism  13  the  official religion of the new  states, some sought to end the  14   of other faiths. The defense of the Church   became a rallying 15 for the conservative forces.
　　The ideals of the early leaders of independence were often egalitarian, valuing equality of everything. Bolivar had received aid from Haiti and had    16     in return to abolish slavery in the areas he liberated. By 1854 slavery had been abolished everywhere except Spain’ s    17     colonies. Early promises to end Indian tribute   and taxes  on people  of mixed origin  came much    18    because  the new nations still needed the revenue such policies 19 . Egalitarian sentiments  were often  tempered by fears that the mass  of  the  population  was  20  self-rule  and democracy.


1.	[A] natives	[B] inhabitants	[C] peoples	[D] individuals
2.	[A] confusedly	[B] cheerfully	[C] worriedly	[D] hopefully
3.	[A] shared	[B] forgot	[C] attained	[D] rejected
4.	[A] related	[B] close	[C] open	[D] devoted

5.	[A] access	[B] succession	[C] right	[D] return
6.	[A] Presumably	[B] Incidentally	[C] Obviously	[D] Generally
7.	[A] unique	[B] common	[C] particular	[D] typical
8.	[A] freedom	[B] origin	[C] impact	[D] reform
9.	[A] therefore	[B] however	[C] indeed	[D] moreover
10.	[A] with	[B] about	[C] among	[D] by
11.	[A] allowed	[B] preached	[C] granted	[D] funded
12.	[A] Since	[B] If	[C] Unless	[D] While
13.	[A] as	[B] for	[C] under	[D] against
14.	[A] spread	[B] interference	[C] exclusion	[D] influence
15.	[A] support	[B] cry	[C] plea	[D] wish
16.	[A] urged	[B] intended	[C] expected	[D] promised
17.	[A] controlling	[B] former	[C] remaining	[D] original
18.	[A] slower	[B] faster	[C] easier	[D] tougher
19.[A] created
20.[A] puzzled by	[B] produced	[C] contributed
[B] hostile to	[D] preferred
[C] pessimistic about		[D] unprepared for	








Section II	Reading Comprehension


Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing    A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)

Text 1

　　　If you were to examine the birth certificates of every soccer player in 2006’s World Cup tournament, you would most likely find a noteworthy quirk: elite soccer players are more likely to have been born in the earlier months of the year than in the later months. If you then examined the European national youth teams that feed the World Cup and professional ranks, you would find this strange phenomenon to be even more pronounced.
　　　What might account for this strange phenomenon? Here are a few guesses: a) certain astrological signs confer superior soccer skills; b) winter-born babies tend to have higher oxygen capacity, which increases soccer stamina; c) soccer-mad parents are more likely to conceive children in springtime, at the annual peak of soccer mania;
d) none of the above.
　　　Anders Ericsson, a 58-year-old psychology professor at Florida State University, says he believes strongly in “none of the above.” Ericsson grew up in Sweden, and studied nuclear engineering until he realized he would have more opportunity to conduct his own research if he switched to psychology. His first experiment, nearly  30 years ago, involved memory: training a person to hear and then repeat a random series of numbers. “With the first subject, after about 20 hours of training, his digit span had risen from 7 to 20,” Ericsson recalls. “He kept improving, and after about 200 hours of training he had risen to over 80 numbers.”
　　　This success, coupled with later research showing that memory itself is not genetically determined, led Ericsson to conclude that the act of memorizing is more  of a cognitive exercise than an intuitive one. In other words, whatever inborn differences two people may exhibit in their abilities to memorize, those differences  are swamped by how well each person “encodes” the information. And the best way to learn how to encode information meaningfully, Ericsson determined, was a process known as deliberate practice. Deliberate practice entails more than simply repeating a task. Rather, it involves setting specific goals, obtaining immediate feedback and concentrating as much on technique as on outcome.
　　　Ericsson and his colleagues have thus taken to studying expert performers in a wide range of pursuits, including soccer. They gather all the data they can, not just performance statistics and biographical details but also the results of their own laboratory experiments with high achievers. Their work makes a rather startling assertion: the trait we commonly call talent is highly overrated. Or, put another way, expert performers – whether in memory or surgery, ballet or computer programming
– are nearly always made, not born.

21.The birthday phenomenon found among soccer players is mentioned to
[A]stress the importance of professional training.
[B]spotlight the soccer superstars in the World Cup.
[C]introduce the topic of what makes expert performance.
[D]explain why some soccer teams play better than others.

22.The word “mania” (Line 4, Paragraph 2) most probably means
[A]fun.
[B]craze.
[C]hysteria.
[D]excitement.

23.According to Ericsson, good memory
[A]depends on meaningful processing of information.
[B]results from intuitive rather than cognitive exercises.
[C]is determined by genetic rather than psychological factors.
[D]requires immediate feedback and a high degree of concentration.

24.Ericsson and his colleagues believe that
[A]talent is a dominating factor for professional success.
[B]biographical data provide the key to excellent performance.
[C]the role of talent tends to be overlooked.
[D]high achievers owe their success mostly to nurture.

25.Which of the following proverbs is closest to the message the text tries to convey?
[A]“Faith will move mountains.”
[B]“One reaps what one sows.”
[C]“Practice makes perfect.”
[D]“Like father, like son.”

Text 2

　　　For the past several years, the Sunday newspaper supplement Parade has featured a column called “Ask Marilyn.” People are invited to query Marilyn vos Savant, who at age 10 had tested at a mental level of someone about 23 years old; that gave her an IQ of 228 – the highest score ever recorded. IQ tests ask you to complete verbal and visual analogies, to envision paper after it has been folded and cut, and to deduce numerical sequences, among other similar tasks. So it is a bit confusing when vos Savant fields such queries from the average Joe (whose IQ is 100) as, What’s the difference between love and fondness? Or what is the nature of luck and coincidence? It’ s not obvious how the capacity to visualize objects and to figure out numerical patterns suits one to answer questions that have eluded some of the best poets and philosophers.
　　　Clearly, intelligence encompasses more than a score on a test. Just what does it mean to be smart? How much of intelligence can be specified, and how much can we learn about it from neurology, genetics, computer science and other fields?
　　　The defining term of intelligence in humans still seems to be the IQ score, even though IQ tests are not given as often as they used to be. The test comes primarily in two forms: the Stanford-Binet Intelligence Scale and the Wechsler Intelligence Scales (both come in adult and children’ s version). Generally costing several hundred dollars, they are usually given only by psychologists, although variations of them populate bookstores and the World Wide Web. Superhigh scores like vos Savant’ s are no longer possible, because scoring is now based on a statistical population distribution among age peers, rather than simply dividing the mental age by the chronological age and multiplying by 100. Other standardized tests, such as the Scholastic Assessment Test (SAT) and the Graduate Record Exam (GRE), capture the main aspects of IQ tests.
　　　Such standardized tests may not assess all the important elements necessary to succeed in school and in life, argues Robert J. Sternberg. In his article “How Intelligent Is Intelligence Testing?”, Sternberg notes that traditional tests best assess analytical and verbal skills but fail to measure creativity and practical knowledge, components also critical to problem solving and life success. Moreover, IQ tests do not necessarily predict so well once populations or situations change. Research has found that IQ predicted leadership skills when the tests were given under low-stress conditions, but under high-stress conditions, IQ was negatively correlated with leadership – that is, it predicted the opposite. Anyone who has toiled through SAT will testify that test-taking skill also matters, whether it's knowing when to guess or what questions to skip.

26.Which of the following may be required in an intelligence test?
[A]Answering philosophical questions.
[B]Folding or cutting paper into different shapes.
[C]Telling the differences between certain concepts.
[D]Choosing words or graphs similar to the given ones.

27.What can be inferred about intelligence testing from Paragraph 3?
[A]People no longer use IQ scores as an indicator of intelligence.
[B]More versions of IQ tests are now available on the Internet.
[C]The test contents and formats for adults and children may be different.
[D]Scientists have defined the important elements of human intelligence.

28.People nowadays can no longer achieve IQ scores as high as vos Savant’ s because
[A]the scores are obtained through different computational procedures.
[B]creativity rather than analytical skills is emphasized now.
[C]vos Savant’ s case is an extreme one that will not repeat.
[D]the defining characteristic of IQ tests has changed.

29.We can conclude from the last paragraph that
[A]test scores may not be reliable indicators of one’ s ability.
[B]IQ scores and SAT results are highly correlated.
[C]testing involves a lot of guesswork.
[D]traditional tests are out of date.

30.What is the author’ s attitude towards IQ tests?
[A]Supportive.
[B]Skeptical.
[C]Impartial.
[D]Biased.

Text 3

　　　During the past generation, the American middle-class family that once could count on hard work and fair play to keep itself financially secure has been  transformed by economic risk and new realities. Now a pink slip, a bad diagnosis, or  a disappearing spouse can reduce a family from solidly middle class to newly poor in a few months.
　　　In just one generation, millions of mothers have gone to work, transforming  basic family economics. Scholars, policymakers, and critics of all stripes have  debated the social implications of these changes, but few have looked at the side effect: family risk has risen as well. Today’ s families have budgeted to the limits of their new two-paycheck status. As a result, they have lost the parachute they once had in times of financial setback – a back-up earner (usually Mom) who could go into the workforce if the primary earner got laid off or fell sick. This “added-worker effect” could support the safety net offered by unemployment insurance or disability insurance to help families weather bad times. But today, a disruption to family fortunes can no longer be made up with extra income from an otherwise-stay-at-home partner.
　　　During the same period, families have been asked to absorb much more risk in their retirement income. Steelworkers, airline employees, and now those in the auto industry are joining millions of families who must worry about interest rates, stock market fluctuation, and the harsh reality that they may outlive their retirement money. For much of the past year, President Bush campaigned to move Social Security to a savings-account model, with retirees trading much or all of their guaranteed payments for payments depending on investment returns. For younger families, the picture is  not any better. Both the absolute cost of healthcare and the share of it borne by families have risen – and newly fashionable health-savings plans are spreading from legislative halls to Wal-Mart workers, with much higher deductibles and a large new dose of investment risk for families’ future healthcare. Even demographics are working against the middle class family, as the odds of having a weak elderly parent
– and all the attendant need for physical and financial assistance – have jumped eightfold in just one generation.
　　　From the middle-class family perspective, much of this, understandably, looks far less like an opportunity to exercise more financial responsibility, and a good deal more like a frightening acceleration of the wholesale shift of financial risk onto their already overburdened shoulders. The financial fallout has begun, and the political fallout may not be far behind.

31.Today’ s double-income families are at greater financial risk in that
[A]the safety net they used to enjoy has disappeared.
[B]their chances of being laid off have greatly increased.
[C]they are more vulnerable to changes in family economics.
[D]they are deprived of unemployment or disability insurance.


32.As a result of President Bush’ s reform, retired people may have
[A]a higher sense of security.
[B]less secured payments.
[C]less chance to invest.
[D]a guaranteed future.


33.According to the author, health-savings plans will
[A]help reduce the cost of healthcare.
[B]popularize among the middle class.
[C]compensate for the reduced pensions.
[D]increase the families’ investment risk.


34.It can be inferred from the last paragraph that
[A]financial risks tend to outweigh political risks.
[B]the middle class may face greater political challenges.
[C]financial problems may bring about political problems.
[D]financial responsibility is an indicator of political status.


35.Which of the following is the best title for this text?
[A]The Middle Class on the Alert
[B]The Middle Class on the Cliff
[C]The Middle Class in Conflict
[D]The Middle Class in Ruins

Text 4

　　　It never rains but it pours. Just as bosses and boards have finally sorted out their worst accounting and compliance troubles, and improved their feeble corporation governance, a new problem threatens to earn them –  especially in America  –  the  sort of nasty headlines that inevitably lead to heads rolling in the executive suite: data insecurity. Left, until now, to odd, low-level IT staff to put right, and seen as a concern only of data-rich industries such as banking, telecoms and air travel, information protection is now high on the boss’ s agenda in businesses of every variety.
　　　Several massive leakages of customer and employee data this year – from organizations as diverse as Time Warner, the American defense contractor Science Applications International Corp and even the University of California, Berkeley – have left managers hurriedly peering into their intricate IT systems and business processes in search of potential vulnerabilities.
　　　“Data is becoming an asset which needs to be guarded as much as any other asset,” says Haim Mendelson of Stanford University’ s business school. “The ability to guard customer data is the key to market value, which the board is responsible for on behalf of shareholders”. Indeed, just as there is the concept of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), perhaps it is time for GASP, Generally Accepted Security Practices, suggested Eli Noam of New York’ s Columbia Business School. “Setting the proper investment level for security, redundancy, and recovery is a management issue, not a technical one,” he says.
　　　The mystery is that this should come as a surprise  to any boss. Surely it should be obvious to the dimmest executive that trust, that most valuable of economic assets, is easily destroyed and hugely expensive to restore – and that few things are more likely to destroy trust than a company letting sensitive personal data get into the wrong hands.
　　　The current state of affairs may have been encouraged – though not justified –   by the lack of legal penalty (in America, but not Europe) for data leakage. Until California recently passed a law, American firms did not have to tell anyone, even the victim, when data went astray. That may change fast: lots of proposed data-security legislation is now doing the rounds in Washington, D.C. Meanwhile, the theft of information about some 40 million credit-card accounts in America, disclosed on June 17th, overshadowed a hugely important decision a day earlier by America’ s Federal Trade Commission (FTC) that puts corporate America on notice that regulators will act if firms fail to provide adequate data security.

36.The statement “It never rains but it pours” is used to introduce
[A]the fierce business competition.
[B]the feeble boss-board relations.
[C]the threat from news reports.
[D]the severity of data leakage.


37.According to Paragraph 2, some organizations check their systems to find out
[A]whether there is any weak point.
[B]what sort of data has been stolen.
[C]who is responsible for the leakage.
[D]how the potential spies can be located.


38.In bringing up the concept of GASP the author is making the point that
[A]shareholders’ interests should be properly attended to.
[B]information protection should be given due attention.
[C]businesses should enhance their level of accounting security.
[D]the market value of customer data should be emphasized.


39.According to Paragraph 4, what puzzles the author is that some bosses fail to
[A]see the link between trust and data protection.
[B]perceive the sensitivity of personal data.
[C]realize the high cost of data restoration.
[D]appreciate the economic value of trust.


40.It can be inferred from Paragraph 5 that
[A]data leakage is more severe in Europe.
[B]FTC’s decision is essential to data security.
[C]California takes the lead in security legislation.
[D]legal penalty is a major solution to data leakage.

Part B Directions:
You are going to read a list of headings and a text about what parents are supposed to
do to guide their children into adulthood. Choose a heading from the list A-G that best fits the meaning of each numbered part of the text (41-45). The first and last paragraphs of the text are not numbered. There are two extra headings that you do not need to use. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

A.Set a Good Example for Your Kids
B.Build Your Kids’ Work Skills
C.Place Time Limits on Leisure Activities
D.Talk about the Future on a Regular Basis
E.Help Kids Develop Coping Strategies
F.Help Your Kids Figure Out Who They Are
G.Build Your Kids’ Sense of Responsibility

How Can a Parent Help?
　　　Mothers and fathers can do a lot to ensure a safe landing in early adulthood for their kids. Even if a job’s starting salary seems too small to satisfy an emerging  adult’s need for rapid content, the transition from school to work can be less of a setback if the start-up adult is ready for the move. Here are a few measures, drawn from my book Ready or Not, Here Life Comes, that parents can take to prevent what I call “work-life unreadiness”:

　　　You can start this process when they are 11 or 12. Periodically review their emerging strengths and weaknesses with them and work together on any shortcomings, like difficulty in communicating well or collaborating. Also, identify the kinds of interests they keep coming back to, as these offer clues to the careers that will fit them best.


　　　Kids need a range of authentic role models – as opposed to members of their clique, pop stars and vaunted athletes. Have regular dinner-table discussions about people the family knows and how they got where they are. Discuss the joys and downsides of your own career and encourage your kids to form some ideas about  their own future. When asked what they want to do, they should be discouraged from saying “I have no idea.” They can change their minds 200 times, but having only a foggy view of the future is of little good.


	
　　　Teachers are responsible for teaching kids how to learn; parents should be responsible for teaching them how to work. Assign responsibilities around the house and make sure homework deadlines are met. Encourage teenagers to take a part-time job. Kids need plenty of practice delaying gratification and deploying effective organizational skills, such as managing time and setting priorities.

Playing video games encourages immediate content. And hours of watching TV
shows with canned laughter only teaches kids to process information in a passive way. At the same time, listening through earphones to the same monotonous beats for long stretches encourages kids to stay inside their bubble instead of pursuing other endeavors. All these activities can prevent the growth of important communication  and thinking skills and make it difficult for kids to develop the kind of sustained concentration they will need for most jobs.

They should know how to deal with setbacks, stresses and feelings of inadequacy.
They should also learn how to solve problems and resolve conflicts, ways to brainstorm and think critically. Discussions at home can help kids practice doing  these things and help them apply these skills to everyday life situations.
　　　What about the son or daughter who is grown but seems to be struggling and wandering aimlessly through early adulthood? Parents still have a major role to play, but now it is more delicate. They have to be careful not to come across as disappointed in their child. They should exhibit strong interest and respect for whatever currently interests their fledging adult (as naive or ill conceived as it may seem) while becoming a partner in exploring options for the future. Most of all, these new adults must feel that they are respected and supported by a family that  appreciates them.

Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)

　　　The study of law has been recognized for centuries as a basic intellectual discipline in European universities. However, only in recent years has it become a feature of undergraduate programs in Canadian universities. (46) Traditionally, legal learning has been viewed in such institutions as the special preserve of lawyers, rather than a necessary part of the intellectual equipment of an educated person. Happily, the older and more continental view of legal education is establishing itself in a number  of Canadian universities and some have even begun to offer undergraduate degrees in law.
　　　If the study of law is beginning to establish itself as part and parcel of a general education, its aims and methods should appeal directly to journalism educators. Law is a discipline which encourages responsible judgment. On the one hand, it provides opportunities to analyze such ideas as justice, democracy and freedom. (47) On the other, it links these concepts to everyday realities in a manner which is parallel to the links journalists forge on a daily basis as they cover and comment on the news. For example, notions of evidence and fact, of basic rights and public interest are at work in the process of journalistic judgment and production just as in courts of law. Sharpening judgment by absorbing and reflecting on law is a desirable component of  a journalist’s intellectual preparation for his or her career.
　　　(48) But the idea that the journalist must understand the law more profoundly than an ordinary citizen rests on an understanding of the established conventions and special responsibilities of the news media. Politics or, more broadly, the functioning  of the state, is a major subject for journalists. The better informed they are about the way the state works, the better their reporting will be. (49) In fact, it is difficult to see how journalists who do not have a clear grasp of the basic features of the Canadian Constitution can do a competent job on political stories.
　　　Furthermore, the legal system and the events which occur within it are primary subjects for journalists. While the quality of legal journalism varies greatly, there is an undue reliance amongst many journalists on interpretations supplied to them by lawyers. (50) While comment and reaction from lawyers may enhance stories, it is preferable for journalists to rely on their own notions of significance and make their own judgments. These can only come from a well-grounded understanding of the legal system.

Section III	Writing


Part A
51.Directions:
　　　Write a letter to your university library, making suggestions for improving its service.
You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)




Part B
52.Directions:
　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following  drawing.  In  your  essay, you should
1)describe the drawing briefly,
2)explain its intended meaning, and then
3)support your view with an example/examples.
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)



绝密★启用前



2008 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


11.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
12.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
13.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
14.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
15.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

Section I	Use of English


Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)


　　　The idea that some groups of people may be more intelligent than others is one of those hypotheses that dare not speak its name. But Gregory Cochran is 1 to say it anyway.  He  is that   2   bird,  a  scientist  who works  independently  3   any institution. He helped popularize the idea that some diseases not    4    thought to have a bacterial cause were actually infections, which aroused much controversy when it was first suggested.
　　　    5   he, however, might tremble at the   6    of what he is about to do. Together with another two scientists, he is publishing a paper which not only    7    that one  group of humanity is more intelligent than the others, but explains the process that has brought this about. The group in   8   are a particular people originated  from central Europe. The process is natural selection.
　　　This group generally do well in IQ test,    	9	  12-15 points above the    10    value of 100, and have contributed    11    to the intellectual and cultural life of  the   We s t , as the  	12	 of their elites , in c lu d i n g several world - r e no w n ed scientists,     	13    . They also suffer more often than most people from a number  of nasty genetic  diseases,  such  as  breast  cancer.  These  facts,   14   ,  have previously been thought unrelated. The former has been     15    to social effects, such as a strong tradition of   16    education. The latter was seen as a (an)   17     of genetic isolation. Dr. Cochran suggests that the intelligence and diseases are intimately    18    .  His  argument  is  that  the  unusual  history  of   these  people   has    19     them to   unique   evolutionary pressures that have resulted  in this  	 20 	 state of affairs.

1．[A] selected
2．[A] unique	[B] prepared
[B] particular	[C] obliged
[C] special	[D] pleased
[D] rare
3．[A] of	[B] with	[C] in	[D] against
4．[A] subsequently	[B] presently	[C] previously	[D] lately
5．[A] Only	[B] So	[C] Even	[D] Hence
6．[A] thought	[B] sight	[C] cost	[D] risk

　7．[A] advises		[B] suggests		[C] protests		[D] objects 8．[A] progress	[B] fact	[C] need	[D] question 9．[A] attaining	[B] scoring	[C] reaching	[D] calculating 10．[A] normal		[B] common		[C] mean		[D] total 11．[A] unconsciously				[B] disproportionately
[C] indefinitely	[D] unaccountably
12．[A] missions	[B] fortunes	[C] interests	[D] careers 13．[A] affirm	[B] witness	[C] observe	[D] approve 14．[A] moreover	[B] therefore	[C] however	[D] meanwhile 15．[A] given up	[B] got over	[C] carried on	[D] put down 16．[A] assessing	[B] supervising	[C] administering	[D] valuing 17．[A] development	[B] origin	[C] consequence		[D] instrument 18．[A] linked	[B] integrated	[C] woven	[D] combined 19．[A] limited	[B] subjected	[C] converted	[D] directed 20．[A] paradoxical	[B] incompatible [C] inevitable	[D] continuous











Section II	Reading Comprehension

Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)

Text 1

　　　While still catching up to men in some spheres of modern life, women appear to be way ahead in at least one undesirable category. “Women are particularly susceptible to developing depression and anxiety disorders in response to stress compared to men,” according to Dr. Yehuda, chief psychiatrist at New York’s Veteran’s Administration Hospital.
　　　Studies of both animals and humans have shown that sex hormones somehow affect the stress response, causing females under stress to produce more of the trigger chemicals than do males under the same conditions. In several of the studies, when stressed-out female rats had their ovaries (the female reproductive organs) removed, their chemical responses became equal to those of the males.
　　　Adding to a woman’s increased dose of stress chemicals, are her increased “opportunities” for stress. “It’s not necessarily that women don’t cope as well. It’s  just that they have so much more to cope with,” says Dr. Yehuda. “Their capacity for tolerating stress may even be greater than men’s,” she observes, “it’s just that they’re dealing with so many more things that they become worn out from it more visibly and sooner.”
　　　Dr. Yehuda notes another difference between the sexes. “I think that the kinds of things that women are exposed to tend to be in more of a chronic or repeated nature. Men go to war and are exposed to combat stress. Men are exposed to more acts of random physical violence. The kinds of interpersonal violence that women are exposed to tend to be in domestic situations, by, unfortunately, parents or  other family members, and they tend not to be one-shot deals. The wear-and-tear  that comes from these longer relationships can be quite devastating.”
　　　Adeline Alvarez married at 18 and gave birth to a son, but was determined to finish college. “I struggled a lot to get the college degree. I was living in so much frustration that that was my escape, to go to school, and get ahead and do better.” Later, her marriage ended and she became a single mother. “It’s the hardest thing to take care of a teenager, have a job, pay the rent, pay the car payment, and pay the debt. I lived from paycheck to paycheck.”
　　　Not everyone experiences the kinds of severe chronic stresses Alvarez describes. But most women today are coping with a lot of obligations, with few breaks, and feeling the strain. Alvarez’s experience demonstrates the importance of finding ways to diffuse stress before it threatens your health and your ability to function.

11.Which of the following is true according to the first two paragraphs?
?Women are biologically more vulnerable to stress.
?Women are still suffering much stress caused by men.
?Women are more experienced than men in coping with stress.
?Men and women show different inclinations when faced with stress.

12.Dr. Yehuda’s research suggests that women
?need extra doses of chemicals to handle stress.
?have limited capacity for tolerating stress.
?are more capable of avoiding stress.
?are exposed to more stress.

13.According to Paragraph 4, the stress women confront tends to be
?domestic and temporary.
?irregular and violent.
?durable and frequent.
?trivial and random.

14.The sentence “I lived from paycheck to paycheck.” (Line 6, Para.5) shows that
?Alvarez cared about nothing but making money.
?Alvarez’s salary barely covered her household expenses.
?Alvarez got paychecks from different jobs.
?Alvarez paid practically everything by check.

15.Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
?Strain of Stress: No Way Out?
?Responses to Stress: Gender Difference
?Stress Analysis: What Chemicals Say
?Gender Inequality: Women Under Stress

Text 2

　　　It used to be so straightforward. A team of researchers working together in the laboratory would submit the results of their research to a journal. A journal editor would then remove the authors’ names and affiliations from the paper and send it to their peers for review. Depending on the comments received, the editor would accept the paper for publication or decline it. Copyright rested with the journal publisher,  and researchers seeking knowledge of the results would have to subscribe to the journal.
　　　No longer. The Internet – and pressure from funding agencies, who are questioning why commercial publishers are making money from government-funded research by restricting access to it – is making free access to scientific results a reality. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has just issued a report describing the far-reaching consequences of this. The report, by John Houghton of Victoria University in Australia and Graham Vickery of the OECD, makes heavy reading for publishers who have, so far, made handsome profits. But it goes further than that. It signals a change in what has, until now, been a key element of scientific endeavour.
　　　The value of knowledge and the return on the public investment in research depends, in part, upon wide distribution and ready access. It is big business. In America, the core scientific publishing market is estimated at between $7 billion and
$11 billion. The International Association of Scientific, Technical and Medical Publishers says that there are more than 2,000 publishers worldwide specializing in these subjects. They publish more than 1.2 million articles each year in some 16,000 journals.
　　This is now changing. According to the OECD report, some 75% of scholarly journals are now online. Entirely new business models are emerging; three main ones were identified by the report’s authors. There is the so-called big deal, where institutional subscribers pay for access to a collection of online journal titles through site-licensing agreements. There is open-access publishing, typically supported by asking the author (or his employer) to pay for the paper to be published. Finally, there are open-access archives, where organizations such as universities or international laboratories support institutional repositories. Other models exist that are hybrids of these three, such as delayed open-access, where journals allow only subscribers to read a paper for the first six months, before making it freely available to everyone who wishes to see it. All this could change the traditional form of the peer-review process, at least for the publication of papers.

16.In the first paragraph, the author discusses
?the background information of journal editing.
?the publication routine of laboratory reports.
?the relations of authors with journal publishers.
?the traditional process of journal publication.

17.Which of the following is true of the OECD report?
?It criticizes government-funded research.
?It introduces an effective means of publication.
?It upsets profit-making journal publishers.
?It benefits scientific research considerably.

18.According to the text, online publication is significant in that
?it provides an easier access to scientific results.
?it brings huge profits to scientific researchers.
?it emphasizes the crucial role of scientific knowledge.
?it facilitates public investment in scientific research.

19.With the open-access publishing model, the author of a paper is required to
?cover the cost of its publication.
?subscribe to the journal publishing it.
?allow other online journals to use it freely.
?complete the peer-review before submission.

20.Which of the following best summarizes the text?
?The Internet is posing a threat to publishers.
?A new mode of publication is emerging.
?Authors welcome the new channel for publication.
?Publication is rendered easier by online service.

Text 3

　　　In the early 1960s Wilt Chamberlain was one of the only three players in the National Basketball Association (NBA) listed at over seven feet. If he had played last season, however, he would have been one of 42. The bodies playing major professional sports have changed dramatically over the years, and managers have  been more than willing to adjust team uniforms to fit the growing numbers of bigger, longer frames.
　　　The trend in sports, though, may be obscuring an unrecognized reality: Americans have generally stopped growing. Though typically about two inches taller now than 140 years ago, today’s people – especially those born to families who have lived in the U.S. for many generations – apparently reached their limit in the early 1960s. And they aren’t likely to get any taller. “In the general population today, at  this genetic, environmental level, we’ve pretty much gone as far as we can go,” says anthropologist William Cameron Chumlea of Wright State University. In the case of NBA players, their increase in height appears to result from the increasingly common practice of recruiting players from all over the world.
　　　Growth, which rarely continues beyond the age of 20, demands calories and nutrients – notably, protein – to feed expanding tissues. At the start of the 20th century, under-nutrition and childhood infections got in the way. But as diet and health improved, children and adolescents have, on average, increased in height by about an inch and a half every 20 years, a pattern known as the secular trend in height. Yet according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, average height – 5′9″ for men, 5′4″ for women – hasn’t really changed since 1960.
　　　Genetically speaking, there are advantages to avoiding substantial height. During childbirth, larger babies have more difficulty passing through the birth canal. Moreover, even though humans have been upright for millions of years, our feet and back continue to struggle with bipedal posture and cannot easily withstand repeated strain imposed by oversize limbs. “There are some real constraints that are set by the genetic architecture of the individual organism,” says anthropologist William Leonard of Northwestern University.
　　　Genetic maximums can change, but don’t expect this to happen soon. Claire C. Gordon, senior anthropologist at the Army Research Center in Natick, Mass., ensures that 90 percent of the uniforms and workstations fit recruits without alteration. She says that, unlike those for basketball, the length of military uniforms has not changed for some time. And if you need to predict human height in the near future to design a piece of equipment, Gordon says that by and large, “you could use today’s data and feel fairly confident.”

21.Wilt Chamberlain is cited as an example to
?illustrate the change of height of NBA players.
?show the popularity of NBA players in the U.S..
?compare different generations of NBA players.
?assess the achievements of famous NBA players.

22.Which of the following plays a key role in body growth according to the text?
?Genetic modification.
?Natural environment.
?Living standards.
?Daily exercise.

23.On which of the following statements would the author most probably agree?
?Non-Americans add to the average height of the nation.
?Human height is conditioned by the upright posture.
?Americans are the tallest on average in the world.
?Larger babies tend to become taller in adulthood.

24.We learn from the last paragraph that in the near future
?the garment industry will reconsider the uniform size.
?the design of military uniforms will remain unchanged.
?genetic testing will be employed in selecting sportsmen.
?the existing data of human height will still be applicable.

25.The text intends to tell us that
?the change of human height follows a cyclic pattern.
?human height is becoming even more predictable.
?Americans have reached their genetic growth limit.
?the genetic pattern of Americans has altered.

Text 4

　　　In 1784, five years before he became president of the United States, George Washington, 52, was nearly toothless. So he hired a dentist to transplant nine teeth  into his jaw – having extracted them from the mouths of his slaves.
　　　That’s a far different image from the cherry-tree-chopping George most people remember from their history books. But recently, many historians have begun to focus on the role slavery played in the lives of the founding generation. They have been spurred in part by DNA evidence made available in 1998, which almost certainly proved Thomas Jefferson had fathered at least one child with his slave Sally Hemings. And only over the past 30 years have scholars examined history from the bottom up. Works of several historians reveal the moral compromises made by the nation’s early leaders and the fragile nature of the country’s infancy. More significantly, they argue that many of the Founding Fathers knew slavery was wrong – and yet most did little  to fight it.
　　　More than anything, the historians say, the founders were hampered by the culture of their time. While Washington and Jefferson privately expressed distaste for slavery, they also understood that it was part of the political and economic bedrock of the country they helped to create.
　　　For one thing, the South could not afford to part with its slaves. Owning slaves was “like having a large bank account,” says Wiencek, author of An Imperfect God: George Washington, His Slaves, and the Creation of America. The southern states would not have signed the Constitution without protections for the “peculiar institution,” including a clause that counted a slave as three fifths of a man for purposes of congressional representation.
　　　And the statesmen’s political lives depended on slavery. The three-fifths formula handed Jefferson his narrow victory in the presidential election of 1800 by inflating the votes of the southern states in the Electoral College. Once in office, Jefferson extended slavery with the Louisiana Purchase in 1803; the new land was carved into 13 states, including three slave states.
　　　Still, Jefferson freed Hemings’s children – though not Hemings herself or his approximately 150 other slaves. Washington, who had begun to believe that all men were created equal after observing the bravery of the black soldiers during the Revolutionary War, overcame the strong opposition of his relatives to grant his slaves their freedom in his will. Only a decade earlier, such an act would have required legislative approval in Virginia.

26.George Washington’s dental surgery is mentioned to
?show the primitive medical practice in the past.
?demonstrate the cruelty of slavery in his days.
?stress the role of slaves in the U.S. history.
?reveal some unknown aspect of his life.

27.We may infer from the second paragraph that
?DNA technology has been widely applied to history research.
?in its early days the U.S. was confronted with delicate situations.
?historians deliberately made up some stories of Jefferson’s life.
?political compromises are easily found throughout the U.S. history.

28.What do we learn about Thomas Jefferson?
?His political view changed his attitude towards slavery.
?His status as a father made him free the child slaves.
?His attitude towards slavery was complex.
?His affair with a slave stained his prestige.

29.Which of the following is true according to the text?
?Some Founding Fathers benefit politically from slavery.
?Slaves in the old days did not have the right to vote.
?Slaves owners usually had large savings accounts.
?Slavery was regarded as a peculiar institution.

30.Washington’s decision to free slaves originated from his
?moral considerations.
?military experience.
?financial conditions.
?political stand.

Part B Directions:
In the following text, some segments have been removed. For Questions 41-45,
choose the most suitable one from the list A-G to fit into each of the numbered  blanks. There are two extra choices, which do not fit in any of the blanks. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)


　　　The time for sharpening pencils, arranging your desk, and doing almost anything else instead of writing has ended. The first draft will appear on the page only if you stop avoiding the inevitable and sit, stand up, or lie down to write.
(41)  	
　　　Be flexible. Your outline should smoothly conduct you from one point to the next, but do not permit it to railroad you. If a relevant and important idea occurs to you now, work it into the draft. (42)	Grammar, punctuation, and spelling can wait until you revise. Concentrate on what you are saying. Good writing most often occurs when you are in hot pursuit of an idea rather than in a nervous search for errors.
　　　(43) 	Your pages will be easier to keep track of that way, and, if you have to clip a paragraph to place it elsewhere, you will not lose any  writing on the other side.
　　　If you are working on a word processor, you can take advantage of its capacity  to make additions and deletions as well as move entire paragraphs by making just a few simple keyboard commands. Some software programs can also check spelling  and  certain  grammatical  elements  in  your writing. (44)	These printouts are also easier to read than the screen when you work on revisions.
　　　Once you have a first draft on paper, you can delete material that is unrelated to your thesis and add material necessary to illustrate your points and make your paper convincing. The student who wrote “The A&P as a State of Mind” wisely dropped a paragraph that questioned whether Sammy displays chauvinistic attitudes toward women. (45)  	
　　　Remember that your initial draft is only that. You should go through the paper many times – and then again – working to substantiate and clarify your ideas. You may even end up with several entire versions of the paper. Rewrite. The sentences within each paragraph should be related to a single topic. Transitions should connect one paragraph to the next so that there are no abrupt or confusing shifts. Awkward or wordy phrasing or unclear sentences and paragraphs should be mercilessly poked and prodded into shape.

61.To make revising easier, leave wide margins and extra space between lines so that you can easily add words, sentences, and corrections. Write on only one side of the paper.

62.After you have clearly and adequately developed the body of your paper, pay particular attention to the introductory and concluding paragraphs. It’s probably best to write the introduction last, after you know precisely what you are introducing. Concluding paragraphs demand equal attention because they leave the reader with a final impression.

63.It’s worth remembering, however, that though a clean copy fresh off a printer may look terrific, it will read only as well as the thinking and writing that have gone into it. Many writers prudently store their data on disks and print their pages each time they finish a draft to avoid losing any material because of power failures or other problems.

64.It makes no difference how you write, just so you do. Now that you have developed a topic into a tentative thesis, you can assemble  your  notes  and begin to flesh out whatever outline you have made.

65.Although this is an interesting issue, it has nothing to do with the thesis, which explains how the setting influences Sammy’s  decision to quit his job. Instead     of including that paragraph, she added one that described Lengel’s crabbed response to the girls so that she could lead up to the A & P “policy” he enforces.

66.In the final paragraph about the significance of the setting  in  “A&P,”  the  student brings together the reasons Sammy quit his  job  by  referring  to  his  refusal to accept Lengel’s store policies.

67.By using the first draft as a means of thinking about what you want to say, you will very likely discover more than your notes originally suggested. Plenty of good writers don’t use outlines at all but discover ordering principles as they write. Do not attempt to compose a perfectly correct draft the first time around.

Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)

　　　In his autobiography, Darwin himself speaks of his intellectual powers with extraordinary modesty. He points out that he always experienced much difficulty in expressing himself clearly and concisely, but (46) he believes that this very difficulty may have had the compensating advantage of forcing him to think long and intently about every sentence, and thus enabling him to detect errors in reasoning and in his own observations. He disclaimed the possession of any great quickness of apprehension or wit, such as distinguished Huxley. (47) He asserted, also, that his power to follow a long and purely abstract train of thought was very limited, for which reason he felt certain that he never could have succeeded with  mathematics. His memory, too, he described as extensive, but hazy. So poor in one sense was it that he never could remember for more than a few days a single date or a line of poetry.
(48) On the other hand, he did not accept as well founded the charge made by some of his critics that, while he was a good observer, he had no power of reasoning. This, he thought, could not be true, because the “Origin of Species” is one long argument from the beginning to the end, and has convinced many able men. No one, he submits, could have written it without possessing some power of reasoning. He was willing to assert that “I have a fair share of invention, and of common sense or judgment, such as every fairly successful lawyer or doctor must have, but not, I believe, in any higher degree.” (49) He adds humbly that perhaps he was “superior to the common run of men in noticing things which easily escape attention, and in observing them carefully.”
　　　Writing in the last year of his life, he expressed the opinion that in two or three respects his mind had changed during the preceding twenty or thirty years. Up to the age of thirty or beyond it poetry of many kinds gave him great pleasure. Formerly, too, pictures had given him considerable, and music very great, delight. In 1881, however, he said: “Now for many years I cannot endure to read a line of poetry. I have also almost lost my taste for pictures or music.”  (50) Darwin was convinced that the  loss of these tastes was not only a loss of happiness, but might possibly be injurious to the intellect, and more probably to the moral character.

Section III	Writing

Part A
[O]Directions:
　　　You have just come back from Canada and found a music CD in your luggage that you forgot to return to Bob, your landlord there. Write him a letter to
?make an apology, and
?suggest a solution.
You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)


Part B
[P]Directions:
　　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing. In your essay, you should
55.describe the drawing briefly,
56.explain its intended meaning, and then 3）give your comments.

You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)



绝密★启用前



2009 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


1.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
3.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
5.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

Section I	Use of English


Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered  blank  and  mark A, B, C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

　　Research on animal intelligence always makes us wonder just how smart  humans are.   1   the  fruit-fly  experiments  described by Carl Zimmer  in the   Science Times. Fruit flies who were  taught  to  be  smarter  than  the  average  fruit fly     2     to live shorter lives. This suggests that     3     bulbs burn longer, that    there is a(n) 4 in not being too bright.
　　Intelligence, it  5   , is a high-priced option. It takes more upkeep, burns more  fuel and is slow 6 the starting line because it depends on learning – a(n)
　    7	process – instead of instinct. Plenty of other species are able to learn, and one of the things they’ve apparently learned is when to     8	.
　　Is there an adaptive value to   9   intelligence? That’s the question behind this  new research. Instead of casting a wistful glance    10     at all the species we’ve left  in the dust I.Q.-wise, it implicitly asks what the real  11  of our own intelligence might be. This is 12 the mind of every animal we’ve ever met.
　　Research on animal intelligence also makes us wonder what experiments animals would     13     on humans if they had the chance. Every cat with an owner,      14    ,  is running a small-scale study in operant conditioning. We believe that   15   animals ran the labs, they would test us to   16    the limits of our patience, our faithfulness,  our memory for locations. They would try to decide what intelligence in humans is really    17    , not merely how much of it there is.     18     , they would hope to     study a(n)     19      question: Are  humans actually aware of  the world they live   in? 20 the results are inconclusive.


1. [A] Suppose	[B] Consider	[C] Observe	[D] Imagine
2. [A] tended	[B] feared	[C] happened	[D] threatened
3. [A] thinner	[B] stabler	[C] lighter	[D] dimmer
4. [A] tendency	[B] advantage	[C] inclination	[D] priority

5. [A] insists on	[B] sums up	[C] turns out	[D] puts forward
6. [A] off	[B] behind	[C] over	[D] along
7. [A] incredible	[B] spontaneous	[C] inevitable	[D] gradual
8. [A] fight	[B] doubt	[C] stop	[D] think
9. [A] invisible	[B] limited	[C] indefinite	[D] different
10. [A] upward	[B] forward	[C] afterward	[D] backward
11. [A] features	[B] influences	[C] results	[D] costs
12. [A] outside	[B] on	[C] by	[D] across
13. [A] deliver	[B] carry	[C] perform	[D] apply
14. [A] by chance	[B] in contrast	[C] as usual	[D] for instance
15. [A] if	[B] unless	[C] as	[D] lest
16. [A] moderate	[B] overcome	[C] determine	[D] reach
17. [A] at	[B] for	[C] after	[D] with
18. [A] Above all	[B] After all	[C] However	[D] Otherwise
19. [A] fundamental	[B] comprehensive	[C] equivalent	[D] hostile
20. [A] By accident	[B] In time	[C] So far	[D] Better still





Section II	Reading Comprehension



Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing    A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)

Text 1

　　Habits are a funny thing. We reach for them mindlessly, setting our brains on auto-pilot and relaxing into the unconscious comfort of familiar routine. “Not choice, but habit rules the unreflecting herd,” William Wordsworth said in the 19th century. In the ever-changing 21st century, even the word “habit” carries a negative implication.
　　So it seems paradoxical to talk about habits in the same context as creativity and innovation. But brain researchers have discovered that when we consciously develop new habits, we create parallel paths, and even entirely new brain cells, that can jump our trains of thought onto new, innovative tracks.
　　Rather than dismissing ourselves as unchangeable creatures of habit, we can instead direct our own change by consciously developing new habits. In  fact, the more new things we try – the more we step outside our comfort zone – the more inherently creative we become, both in the workplace and in our personal lives.
　　But don’t bother trying to kill off old habits; once those ruts of procedure are worn into the brain, they’re there to stay. Instead, the new habits we deliberately press into ourselves create parallel pathways that can bypass those old roads.
　　“The first thing needed for innovation is a fascination with wonder,” says Dawna Markova, author of The Open Mind. “But we are taught instead to ‘decide’ , just as our president calls himself ‘the Decider’. ” She adds, however, that “to decide is to kill off all possibilities but one. A good innovational thinker is always exploring the many other possibilities.”
　　All of us work through problems in ways of which we’re unaware, she says. Researchers in the late 1960s discovered that humans are born with the capacity to approach challenges in four primary ways: analytically, procedurally, relationally (or collaboratively) and innovatively. At the end of adolescence, however, the brain shuts down half of that capacity, preserving only those modes of thought that have seemed most valuable during the first decade or so of life.
　　The current emphasis on standardized testing highlights analysis and procedure, meaning that few of us inherently use our innovative and collaborative modes of thought. “This breaks the major rule in the American belief system – that anyone can do anything,” explains M. J. Ryan, author of the 2006 book This Year I Will... and Ms. Markova’s business partner. “That’s a lie that we have perpetuated, and it fosters commonness. Knowing what you’re good at and doing even more of it creates excellence.” This is where developing new habits comes in.

21.In Wordsworth’s view, “habits” is characterized by being
[A]casual.
[B]familiar.
[C]mechanical.
[D]changeable.

22.Brain researchers have discovered that the formation of new habits can be
[A]predicted.
[B]regulated.
[C]traced.
[D]guided.

23.The word “ruts” (Para. 4) is closest in meaning to
[A]tracks.
[B]series.
[C]characteristics.
[D]connections.

24.Dawna Markova would most probably agree that
[A]ideas are born of a relaxing mind.
[B]innovativeness could be taught.
[C]decisiveness derives from fantastic ideas.
[D]curiosity activates creative minds.

25.Ryan’s comments suggest that the practice of standardized testing
[A]prevents new habits from being formed.
[B]no longer emphasizes commonness.
[C]maintains the inherent American thinking mode.
[D]complies with the American belief system.

Text 2

　　It is a wise father that knows his own child, but today a man can boost his paternal (fatherly) wisdom – or at least confirm that he’s the kid’s dad. All he needs to do is shell out $30 for a paternity testing kit (PTK) at his local drugstore – and another
$120 to get the results.
　　More than 60, 000 people have purchased the PTKs since they first became available without prescriptions last year, according to Doug Fogg, chief operating officer of Identigene, which makes the over-the-counter kits. More than two dozen companies sell DNA tests directly to the public, ranging in price from a few hundred dollars to more than $ 2, 500.
　　Among the most popular: paternity and kinship testing, which adopted children can use to find their biological relatives and families can use to track down kids put  up for adoption. DNA testing is also the latest rage among passionate genealogists – and supports businesses that offer to search for a family’s geographic roots.
　　Most tests require collecting cells by swabbing saliva in the mouth and sending it to the company for testing. All tests require a potential candidate with whom to compare DNA.
　　But some observers are skeptical. “There’s a kind of false precision being  hawked by people claiming they are doing ancestry testing,” says Troy Duster, a New York University sociologist. He notes that each individual has many ancestors – numbering in the hundreds just a few centuries back. Yet most ancestry testing only considers a single lineage, either the Y chromosome inherited through men in a father’s line or mitochondrial DNA, which is passed down only from mothers. This DNA can reveal genetic information about only one or two ancestors, even though, for example, just three generations back people also have six other great-grandparents or, four generations back, 14 other great-great-grandparents.
　　Critics also argue that commercial genetic testing is only as good as the reference collections to which a sample is compared. Databases used by some companies don’t rely on data collected systematically but rather lump together information from different research projects. This means that a DNA database may have a lot of data from some regions and not others, so a person’s test results may differ depending on the company that processes the results. In addition, the computer programs a  company uses to estimate relationships may be patented and not subject to peer review or outside evaluation.

26.In Paragraphs 1 and 2, the text shows PTK’s
[A]easy availability.
[B]flexibility in pricing.
[C]successful promotion .
[D]popularity with households.

27.PTK is used to
[A]locate one’s birth place.
[B]promote genetic research.
[C]identify parent-child kinship.
[D]choose children for adoption.

28.Skeptical observers believe that ancestry testing fails to
[A]trace distant ancestors.
[B]rebuild reliable bloodlines.
[C]fully use genetic information.
[D]achieve the claimed accuracy.

29.In the last paragraph, a problem commercial genetic testing faces is
[A]disorganized data collection.
[B]overlapping database building.
[C]excessive sample comparison.
[D]lack of patent evaluation.

30.An appropriate title for the text is most likely to be
[A]Fors and Againsts of DNA Testing.
[B]DNA Testing and Its Problems.
[C]DNA Testing Outside the Lab.
[D]Lies Behind DNA Testing.

Text 3

　　The relationship between formal education and economic growth in poor countries is widely misunderstood by economists and politicians alike. Progress in both areas is undoubtedly necessary for the social, political, and intellectual development of these and all other societies; however, the conventional view that education should be one of the very highest priorities for promoting rapid economic development in poor countries is wrong. We are fortunate that it is, because building new educational systems there and putting enough people through them to improve economic performance would require two or three generations. The findings of a research institution have consistently shown that workers in all countries can be trained on the job to achieve radically higher productivity and, as a result, radically higher standards of living.
　　Ironically, the first evidence for this idea appeared in the United States. Not long ago, with the country entering a recession and Japan at its pre-bubble peak, the U.S. workforce was derided as poorly educated and one of the primary causes of the poor
U.S. economic performance. Japan was, and remains, the global leader in automotive-assembly productivity. Yet the research revealed that the U.S. factories of Honda, Nissan, and Toyota achieved about 95 percent of the productivity of their Japanese counterparts – a result of the training that U.S. workers received on the job.
　　More recently, while examining housing construction, the researchers discovered that illiterate, non-English-speaking Mexican workers in Houston, Texas, consistently met best-practice labor productivity standards despite the complexity of the building industry’s work.
　　What is the real relationship between education and economic development? We have to suspect that continuing economic growth promotes the development of education even when governments don’t force it. After all, that’s how education got started. When our ancestors were hunters and gatherers 10, 000 years ago, they didn’t have time to wonder much about anything besides finding food. Only when humanity began to get its food in a more productive way was there time for other things.
　　As education improved, humanity’s productivity potential increased as well. When the competitive environment pushed our ancestors to achieve that potential, they could in turn afford more education. This increasingly high level of education is probably a necessary, but not a sufficient, condition for the complex political systems required by advanced economic performance. Thus poor countries might not be able to escape their poverty traps without political changes that may be possible only with broader formal education. A lack of formal education, however, doesn’t constrain the ability of the developing world’s workforce to substantially improve productivity for the foreseeable future. On the contrary, constraints on improving productivity explain why education isn’t developing more quickly there than it is.

31.The author holds in Paragraph 1 that the importance of education in poor countries
[A]is subject to groundless doubts.
[B]has fallen victim of bias.
[C]is conventionally downgraded.
[D]has been overestimated.

32.It is stated in Paragraph 1 that the construction of a new educational system
[A]challenges economists and politicians.
[B]takes efforts of generations.
[C]demands priority from the government.
[D]requires sufficient labor force.

33.A major difference between the Japanese and U.S. workforces is that
[A]the Japanese workforce is better disciplined.
[B]the Japanese workforce is more productive.
[C]the U.S. workforce has a better education.
[D]the U.S. workforce is more organized.

34.The author quotes the example of our ancestors to show that education emerged
[A]when people had enough time.
[B]prior to better ways of finding food.
[C]when people no longer went hungry.
[D]as a result of pressure on government.

35.According to the last paragraph, development of education
[A]results directly from competitive environments.
[B]does not depend on economic performance.
[C]follows improved productivity.
[D]cannot afford political changes.

Text 4

　　The most thoroughly studied intellectuals in the history of the New World are the ministers and political leaders of seventeenth-century New England. According to the standard history of American philosophy, nowhere else in colonial America was “so much importance attached to intellectual pursuits.” According to many books and articles, New England’s leaders established the basic themes and preoccupations of an unfolding, dominant Puritan tradition in American intellectual life.
　　To take this approach to the New Englanders normally means to start with the Puritans’ theological innovations and their distinctive ideas about the church – important subjects that we may not neglect. But in keeping with our examination of southern intellectual life, we may consider the original Puritans as carriers of European culture, adjusting to New World circumstances. The New England colonies were the scenes of important episodes in the pursuit of widely understood ideals of civility and virtuosity.
　　The early settlers of Massachusetts Bay included men of impressive education and influence in England. Besides the ninety or so learned ministers who came to Massachusetts churches in the decade after 1629, there were political leaders like  John Winthrop, an educated gentleman, lawyer, and official of the Crown before he journeyed to Boston. These men wrote and published extensively, reaching both New World and Old World audiences, and giving New England an atmosphere of intellectual earnestness.
　　We should not forget, however, that most New Englanders were less well educated. While few craftsmen or farmers, let alone dependents and servants, left literary compositions to be analyzed, it is obvious that their views were less fully intellectualized. Their thinking often had a traditional superstitious quality. A tailor named John Dane, who emigrated in the late 1630s, left an account of his reasons for leaving England that is filled with signs. Sexual confusion, economic frustrations, and religious hope – all came together in a decisive moment when he opened the Bible, told his father that the first line he saw would settle his fate, and read the magical words: “Come out from among them, touch no unclean thing, and I will be your God and you shall be my people.” One wonders what Dane thought of the careful sermons explaining the Bible that he heard in Puritan churches.
　　Meanwhile, many settlers had slighter religious commitments than Dane’s, as  one clergyman learned in confronting folk along the coast who mocked that they had not come to the New World for religion. “Our main end was to catch fish.”

36.The author holds that in the seventeenth-century New England
[A]Puritan tradition dominated political life.
[B]intellectual interests were encouraged.
[C]politics benefited much from intellectual endeavors.
[D]intellectual pursuits enjoyed a liberal environment.

37.It is suggested in Paragraph 2 that New Englanders
[A]experienced a comparatively peaceful early history.
[B]brought with them the culture of the Old World.
[C]paid little attention to southern intellectual life.
[D]were obsessed with religious innovations.

38.The early ministers and political leaders in Massachusetts Bay
[A]were famous in the New World for their writings.
[B]gained increasing importance in religious affairs.
[C]abandoned high positions before coming to the New World.
[D]created a new intellectual atmosphere in New England.

39.The story of John Dane shows that less well-educated New Englanders were  often
[A]influenced by superstitions.
[B]troubled with religious beliefs.
[C]puzzled by church sermons.
[D]frustrated with family earnings.

40.The text suggests that early settlers in New England
[A]were mostly engaged in political activities.
[B]were motivated by an illusory prospect.
[C]came from different intellectual backgrounds.
[D]left few formal records for later reference.

Part B Directions:
In the following text, some segments have been removed. For Questions 41-45,
choose the most suitable one from the list A-G to fit into each of the numbered blanks. There are two extra choices, which do not fit in any of the blanks. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

　　Coinciding with the groundbreaking theory of biological evolution proposed by British naturalist Charles Darwin in the 1860s, British social philosopher Herbert Spencer put forward his own theory of biological and cultural evolution. Spencer argued that all worldly phenomena, including human societies, changed over time, advancing toward perfection. (41)  	
　　American social scientist Lewis Henry Morgan introduced another theory of cultural evolution in the late 1800s. Morgan helped found modern anthropology – the scientific study of human societies, customs and beliefs – thus becoming one of the earliest anthropologists. In his work, he attempted to show how all aspects of culture changed together in the evolution of societies. (42)  	
　　In the early 1900s in North America, German-born American anthropologist Franz Boas developed a new theory of culture known as historical particularism. Historical particularism, which emphasized the uniqueness of all cultures, gave new direction to anthropology. (43)  	
　　Boas felt that the culture of any society must be understood as the result of a unique history and not as one of many cultures belonging to a broader evolutionary stage or type of culture. (44)  	
　　Historical particularism became a dominant approach to the study of culture in American anthropology, largely through the influence of many students of Boas. But  a number of anthropologists in the early 1900s also rejected the particularist theory of culture in favor of diffusionism. Some attributed virtually every important cultural achievement to the inventions of a few, especially gifted peoples that, according to diffusionists, then spread to other cultures. (45)  	
　　Also in the early 1900s, French sociologist émile Durkheim developed a theory of culture that would greatly influence anthropology. Durkheim proposed that religious beliefs functioned to reinforce social solidarity. An interest in the relationship between the function of society and culture became a major theme in European, and especially British, anthropology.

[A]Other anthropologists believed that cultural innovations, such as inventions,   had a single origin and passed from society to society. This theory was known as diffusionism.

[B]In order to study particular cultures as completely as possible,  he  became  skilled in linguistics, the study of languages, and in physical anthropology, the study of human biology and anatomy.

[C]He argued that human evolution was characterized by a struggle he called the “survival of the fittest,” in which weaker races and societies must eventually      be replaced by stronger, more advanced races and societies.

[D]They also focused on important rituals that appeared to preserve a  people’s social structure, such as initiation ceremonies that formally signify children’s entrance into adulthood.

[E]Thus, in his view, diverse aspects of culture, such as the structure of families, forms of marriage, categories of kinship, ownership of property, forms of government, technology, and systems of food production, all changed as  societies evolved.

[F]Supporters of the theory viewed culture as a collection of integrated parts that work together to keep a society functioning.

[G]For example, British anthropologists Grafton Elliot Smith and W. J. Perry incorrectly suggested, on the basis of inadequate information, that farming, pottery making, and metallurgy all originated in ancient Egypt and diffused throughout the world. In fact, all of these cultural developments occurred separately at different times in many parts of the world.

Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)

　　There is a marked difference between the education which every one gets from living with others and the deliberate educating of the young. In the former case the education is incidental; it is natural and important, but it is not the express reason of the association. (46) It may be said that the measure of the worth of any social institution is its effect in enlarging and improving experience, but this effect is not a part of its original motive. Religious associations began, for example, in the desire to secure the favor of overruling powers and to ward off evil influences; family life in the desire to gratify appetites and secure family perpetuity; systematic labor, for the most part, because of enslavement to others, etc. (47) Only gradually was the by-product of the institution noted, and only more gradually still was this effect considered as a directive factor in the conduct of the institution. Even today, in our industrial life, apart from certain values of industriousness and thrift, the intellectual and emotional reaction of the forms of human association under which the world’ s work is carried on receives little attention as compared with physical output.
But in dealing with the young, the fact of association itself as an immediate
human fact, gains in importance. (48) While it is easy to ignore in our contact with them the effect of our acts upon their disposition, it is not so easy as in dealing with adults. The need of training is too evident and the pressure to accomplish a change in their attitude and habits is too urgent to leave these consequences wholly out of account. (49) Since our chief business with them is to enable them to share in a common life we cannot help considering whether or not we are forming the powers which will secure this ability. If humanity has made some headway in realizing that the ultimate value of every institution is its distinctively human effect we may well believe that this lesson has been learned largely through dealings with the young.
　　(50) We are thus led to distinguish, within the broad educational process which we have been so far considering, a more formal kind of education – that of direct tuition or schooling. In undeveloped social groups, we find very little formal teaching and training. These groups mainly rely for instilling needed dispositions into the young upon the same sort of association which keeps adults loyal to their group.

Section III	Writing

Part A
51.Directions:
　　　Restrictions on the use of plastic bags have not been so successful in some regions. “White Pollution” is still going on.
Write a letter to the editor(s) of your local newspaper to
1)give your opinions briefly, and
2)make two or three suggestions.
You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)



Part B
52.Directions:
　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing. In your essay, you should
1)describe the drawing briefly,
2)explain its intended meaning, and then
3)give your comments.
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)




绝密★启用前



2010 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


57.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
58.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
59.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
60.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
61.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

Section I	Use of   English

Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

　　　In 1924 America’s National Research Council sent two engineers to supervise a series of experiments at a telephone-parts factory called the Hawthorne Plant near Chicago. It hoped they would learn how shop-floor lighting     1     workers’ productivity. Instead, the studies ended   2    giving their name to the “Hawthorne effect,” the extremely influential idea that the very    3    of  being experimented    upon changed subjects’ behavior.
　　　The idea arose because of the  4    behavior of the women in the plant. According to    5     of  the experiments, their hourly output rose when lighting  was increased, but also when it was dimmed. It did not    6     what was done in   the experiment;     7       something was changed, productivity rose. A(n)     8      that  they were being experimented upon seemed to be   9    to  alter workers’  behavior    10      itself.
　　　After several decades, the same data were  11    to econometric analysis. The Hawthorne  experiments had another surprise in store.  12   the descriptions on   record, no systematic   13    was found  that levels of productivity were  related to changes in lighting.
　　　It turns out that the peculiar way of conducting the experiments may have led to  14    interpretations of  what happened.   15   , lighting was always changed on a Sunday. When work started again on Monday, output    16     rose compared with the previous Saturday and   17    to  rise for the next couple of  days.   18   , a comparison with data for weeks when there was no experimentation showed that output always went up on Mondays. Workers    19     to be diligent for  the first  few  days  of the  week in any case, before    20     a  plateau and then  slackening off. This suggests that the alleged “Hawthorne effect” is hard to pin down.

1.  [A] affected	[B] achieved	[C] extracted	[D] restored
2.  [A] at	[B] up	[C] with	[D] off
3.  [A] truth	[B] sight	[C] act	[D] proof
4.  [A] controversial	[B] perplexing	[C] mischievous	[D] ambiguous
5.  [A] requirements	[B] explanations	[C] accounts	[D] assessments
6.  [A] conclude	[B] matter	[C] indicate	[D] work
7.  [A] as far as	[B] for fear that	[C] in case that	[D] so long as
8. [A] awareness	[B] expectation	[C] sentiment	[D] illusion
9. [A] suitable	[B] excessive	[C] enough	[D] abundant
10.[A] about	[B] for	[C] on	[D] by
11.[A] compared	[B] shown	[C] subjected	[D] conveyed
12.[A] Contrary to	[B] Consistent with	[C] Parallel with	[D] Peculiar to
13.[A] evidence	[B] guidance	[C] implication	[D] source
14.[A] disputable	[B] enlightening	[C] reliable	[D] misleading
15. [A] In contrast	[B] For example	[C] In consequence	[D] As usual
16.[A] duly	[B] accidentally	[C] unpredictably	[D] suddenly
17.[A] failed	[B] ceased	[C] started	[D] continued
18.[A] Therefore	[B] Furthermore	[C] However	[D] Meanwhile
19.[A] attempted	[B] tended	[C] chose	[D] intended
20.[A] breaking	[B] climbing	[C] surpassing	[D] hitting



Section II	Reading Comprehension

Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)



Text 1


　　　Of all the changes that have taken place in English-language newspapers during the past quarter-century, perhaps the most far-reaching has been the inexorable decline in the scope and seriousness of their arts coverage.
　　　It is difficult to the point of impossibility for the average reader under the age of forty to imagine a time when high-quality arts criticism could be found in most big-city newspapers. Yet a considerable number of the most significant collections of criticism published in the 20th century consisted in large part of newspaper  reviews. To read such books today is to marvel at the fact that their learned contents were once deemed suitable for publication in general-circulation dailies.
　　　We are even farther removed from the unfocused newspaper reviews published  in England between the turn of the 20th century and the eve of World War II, at a time when newsprint was dirt-cheap and stylish arts criticism was considered an ornament to the publications in which it appeared. In those far-off days, it was taken for granted that the critics of major papers would write in detail and at length about the events they covered. Theirs was a serious business, and even those reviewers who wore their learning lightly, like George Bernard Shaw and Ernest Newman, could be trusted to know what they were about. These men believed in journalism as a calling, and were proud to be published in the daily press. “So few authors have brains enough or literary gift enough to keep their own end up in journalism, ” Newman wrote, “that I am tempted to define ‘journalism’ as ‘a term of contempt applied by writers who are not read to writers who are ’.”
　　　Unfortunately, these critics are virtually forgotten. Neville Cardus, who wrote for the Manchester Guardian from 1917 until shortly before his death in 1975, is now known solely as a writer of essays on the game of cricket. During his lifetime, though, he was also one of England’s foremost classical-music critics, and a stylist so widely admired that his Autobiography (1947) became a best-seller. He was knighted in 1967, the first music critic to be so honored. Yet only one of his books is now in print, and his vast body of writings on music is unknown save to specialists.
　　　Is there any chance that Cardus’s criticism will enjoy a revival? The prospect seems remote. Journalistic tastes had changed long before his death, and postmodern readers have little use for the richly upholstered Vicwardian prose in which he specialized. Moreover, the amateur tradition in music criticism has been in headlong retreat.
　　　
21.It is indicated in Paragraphs 1 and 2 that
[A]arts criticism has disappeared from big-city newspapers.
[B]English-language newspapers used to carry more arts reviews.
[C]high-quality newspapers retain a large body of readers.
[D]young readers doubt the suitability of criticism on dailies.

22.Newspaper reviews in England before World War II were characterized by
[A]free themes.
[B]casual style.
[C]elaborate layout.
[D]radical viewpoints.

23.Which of the following would Shaw and Newman most probably agree on?
[A]It is writers’ duty to fulfill journalistic goals.
[B]It is contemptible for writers to be journalists.
[C]Writers are likely to be tempted into journalism.
[D]Not all writers are capable of journalistic writing.

24.What can be learned about Cardus according to the last two paragraphs?
[A]His music criticism may not appeal to readers today.
[B]His reputation as a music critic has long been in dispute.
[C]His style caters largely to modern specialists.
[D]His writings fail to follow the amateur tradition.

25.What would be the best title for the text?
[A]Newspapers of the Good Old Days
[B]The Lost Horizon in Newspapers
[C]Mournful Decline of Journalism
[D]Prominent Critics in Memory








Text 2

　　　Over the past decade, thousands of patents have been granted for what are called business methods. Amazon.com received one for its “one-click” online payment system. Merrill Lynch got legal protection for an asset allocation strategy. One inventor patented a technique for lifting a box.
　　　Now the nation’s top patent court appears completely ready to scale back on business-method patents, which have been controversial ever since they were first authorized 10 years ago. In a move that has intellectual-property lawyers abuzz, the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit said it would use a particular case to conduct a broad review of business-method patents. In re Bilski, as the case is known, is “a very big deal,” says Dennis D. Crouch of the University of Missouri School of Law. It “has the potential to eliminate an entire class of patents.”
　　　Curbs on business-method claims would be a dramatic about-face, because it was the Federal Circuit itself that introduced such patents with its 1998 decision in the so-called State Street Bank case, approving a patent on a way of pooling mutual-fund assets. That ruling produced an explosion in business-method patent filings, initially by emerging Internet companies trying to stake out exclusive rights to specific types of online transactions. Later, more established companies raced to add such patents to their files, if only as a defensive move against rivals that might beat them to the punch. In 2005, IBM noted in a court filing that it had been issued more than 300 business-method patents, despite the fact that it questioned the legal basis for granting them. Similarly, some Wall Street investment firms armed themselves with patents for financial products, even as they took positions in court cases  opposing the practice.
　　　The Bilski case involves a claimed patent on a method for hedging risk in the energy market. The Federal Circuit issued an unusual order stating that the  case would be heard by all 12 of the court’s judges, rather than a typical panel of three, and that one issue it wants to evaluate is whether it should “reconsider” its State Street Bank ruling.
　　　The Federal Circuit’s action comes in the wake of a series of recent decisions by the Supreme Court that has narrowed the scope of protections for patent holders. Last April, for example, the justices signaled that too many patents were being upheld for “inventions” that are obvious. The judges on the Federal Circuit are “reacting to the anti-patent trend at the Supreme Court,” says Harold C. Wegner, a patent attorney and professor at George Washington University Law School.
　　　
26.Business-method patents have recently aroused concern because of
[A]their limited value to businesses.
[B]their connection with asset allocation.
[C]the possible restriction on their granting.
[D]the controversy over their authorization.


27.Which of the following is true of the Bilski case?
[A]Its ruling complies with the court decisions.
[B]It involves a very big business transaction.
[C]It has been dismissed by the Federal Circuit.
[D]It may change the legal practices in the U.S.


28.The word “about-face” (Line 1, Para. 3) most probably means
[A]loss of goodwill.
[B]increase of hostility.
[C]change of attitude.
[D]enhancement of dignity.


29.We learn from the last two paragraphs that business-method patents
[A]are immune to legal challenges.
[B]are often unnecessarily issued.
[C]lower the esteem for patent holders.
[D]increase the incidence of risks.


30.Which of the following would be the subject of the text?
[A]A looming threat to business-method patents.
[B]Protection for business-method patent holders.
[C]A legal case regarding business-method patents.
[D]A prevailing trend against business-method patents.






Text 3

　　　In his book The Tipping Point, Malcolm Gladwell argues that “social epidemics” are driven in large part by the actions of a tiny minority of special individuals, often called influentials, who are unusually informed, persuasive, or well connected. The idea is intuitively compelling, but it doesn’t explain how ideas actually spread.
　　　The supposed importance of influentials derives from a plausible-sounding but largely untested theory called the “two-step flow of communication”: Information flows from the media to the influentials and from them to everyone else. Marketers have embraced the two-step flow because it suggests that if they can just find and influence the influentials, those select people will do most of the work for them. The theory also seems to explain the sudden and unexpected popularity of certain looks, brands, or neighborhoods. In many such cases, a cursory search for causes finds that some small group of people was wearing, promoting, or developing whatever it is before anyone else paid attention. Anecdotal evidence of this kind fits nicely with the idea that only certain special people can drive trends.
　　　In their recent work, however, some researchers have come up with the finding that influentials have far less impact on social epidemics than is generally supposed. In fact, they don’t seem to be required at all.
　　　The researchers’ argument stems from a simple observation about social influence: With the exception of a few celebrities like Oprah Winfrey – whose outsize presence is primarily a function of media, not interpersonal, influence – even the most influential members of a population simply don’t interact with that many  others. Yet it is precisely these non-celebrity influentials who, according to the two-step-flow theory, are supposed to drive social epidemics, by influencing their friends and colleagues directly. For a social epidemic to occur, however, each person so affected must then influence his or her own acquaintances, who must in turn influence theirs, and so on; and just how many others pay attention to each of these people has little to do with the initial influential. If people in the network just two degrees removed from the initial influential prove resistant, for example, the cascade of change won’t propagate very far or affect many people.
　　　Building on this basic truth about interpersonal influence, the researchers studied the dynamics of social influence by conducting thousands of computer simulations of populations, manipulating a number of variables relating to people’s ability to influence others and their tendency to be influenced. They found that the principal requirement for what is called “global cascades” – the widespread propagation of influence through networks – is the presence not of a few influentials but, rather, of a critical mass of easily influenced people.
　　　
31.By citing the book The Tipping Point, the author intends to
[A]analyze the consequences of social epidemics.
[B]discuss influentials’ function in spreading ideas.
[C]exemplify people’s intuitive response to social epidemics.
[D]describe the essential characteristics of influentials.


32.The author suggests that the “two-step-flow theory”
[A]serves as a solution to marketing problems.
[B]has helped explain certain prevalent trends.
[C]has won support from influentials.
[D]requires solid evidence for its validity.


33.What the researchers have observed recently shows that
[A]the power of influence goes with social interactions.
[B]interpersonal links can be enhanced through the media.
[C]influentials have more channels to reach the public.
[D]most celebrities enjoy wide media attention.


34.The underlined phrase “these people” in Paragraph 4 refers to the ones who
[A]stay outside the network of social influence.
[B]have little contact with the source of influence.
[C]are influenced and then influence others.
[D]are influenced by the initial influential.


35.What is the essential element in the dynamics of social influence?
[A]The eagerness to be accepted.
[B]The impulse to influence others.
[C]The readiness to be influenced.
[D]The inclination to rely on others.






Text 4

　　　Bankers have been blaming themselves for their troubles in public. Behind the scenes, they have been taking aim at someone else: the accounting standard-setters. Their rules, moan the banks, have forced them to report enormous losses, and it’s just not fair. These rules say they must value some assets at the price a third party would pay, not the price managers and regulators would like them to fetch.
　　　Unfortunately, banks’ lobbying now seems to be working. The details may be unknowable, but the independence of standard-setters, essential to the proper functioning of capital markets, is being compromised. And, unless banks carry toxic assets at prices that attract buyers, reviving the banking system will be difficult.
　　　After a bruising encounter with Congress, America’s Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) rushed through rule changes. These gave banks more freedom to use models to value illiquid assets and more flexibility in recognizing losses on long-term assets in their income statements. Bob Herz, the FASB’s chairman, cried  out against those who “question our motives.” Yet bank shares rose and the changes enhance what one lobbying group politely calls “the use of judgment by management.”
　　　European ministers instantly demanded that the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) do likewise. The IASB says it does not want to act without overall planning, but the pressure to fold when it completes its reconstruction of rules later this year is strong. Charlie McCreevy, a European commissioner, warned the IASB that it did “not live in a political vacuum” but “in the real world” and that Europe could yet develop different rules.
　　　It was banks that were on the wrong planet, with accounts that vastly overvalued assets. Today they argue that market prices overstate losses, because they largely reflect the temporary illiquidity of markets, not the likely extent of bad debts. The truth will not be known for years. But banks’ shares trade below their book value, suggesting that investors are skeptical. And dead markets partly reflect the paralysis of banks which will not sell assets for fear of booking losses, yet are reluctant to buy all those supposed bargains.
　　　To get the system working again, losses must be recognized and dealt with. America’s new plan to buy up toxic assets will not work unless banks mark assets to levels which buyers find attractive. Successful markets require independent and even combative standard-setters. The FASB and IASB have been exactly that, cleaning up rules on stock options and pensions, for example, against hostility from special interests. But by giving in to critics now they are inviting pressure to make more concessions.
　　　
36.Bankers complained that they were forced to
[A]follow unfavorable asset evaluation rules.
[B]collect payments from third parties.
[C]cooperate with the price managers.
[D]reevaluate some of their assets.


37.According to the author, the rule changes of the FASB may result in
[A]the diminishing role of management.
[B]the revival of the banking system.
[C]the banks’ long-term asset losses.
[D]the weakening of its independence.


38.According to Paragraph 4, McCreevy objects to the IASB’s attempt to
[A]keep away from political influences.
[B]evade the pressure from their peers.
[C]act on their own in rule-setting.
[D]take gradual measures in reform.


39.The author thinks the banks were “on the wrong planet” in that they
[A]misinterpreted market price indicators.
[B]exaggerated the real value of their assets.
[C]neglected the likely existence of bad debts.
[D]denied booking losses in their sale of assets.


40.The author’s attitude towards standard-setters is one of
[A]satisfaction.
[B]skepticism.
[C]objectiveness.
[D]sympathy.












Part B Directions:
For questions 41-45, choose the most suitable paragraphs from the list A-G and fill
them into the numbered boxes to form a coherent text. Paragraph E has been correctly placed. There is one paragraph which does not fit in with the  text. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

[A]The first and more important is the consumer’s growing preference for eating out: the consumption of food and drink in places other than homes has risen from about 32 percent of total consumption in 1995 to 35 percent in 2000 and is expected to approach 38 percent by 2005. This development is boosting wholesale demand from the food service segment by 4 to 5 percent a year across Europe, compared with growth in retail demand of 1 to 2 percent. Meanwhile, as the recession is looming large, people are getting anxious. They tend to keep a tighter hold on their purse and consider eating at home a realistic alternative.

[B]Retail sales of food and drink in Europe’s largest markets are at a standstill, leaving European grocery retailers hungry for opportunities to grow. Most leading retailers have already tried e-commerce, with limited success, and expansion abroad. But almost all have ignored the big, profitable opportunity in their own backyard: the wholesale food and drink trade, which appears to be just the kind of market retailers need.

[C]Will such variations bring about a change in the overall structure of the food and drink market? Definitely not. The functioning of the market is based on flexible trends dominated by potential buyers. In other words, it is up to the buyer, rather than the seller, to decide what to buy. At any rate, this change will ultimately be acclaimed by an ever-growing number of both domestic and international consumers, regardless of how long the current consumer pattern will take hold.

[D]All in all, this clearly seems to be a market in which big retailers could profitably apply their gigantic scale, existing infrastructure, and proven skills in the management of product ranges, logistics, and marketing intelligence. Retailers that master the intricacies of wholesaling in Europe may well expect to rake in substantial profits thereby. At least, that is how it looks as a whole. Closer inspection reveals important differences among the biggest national markets,
especially in their customer segments and wholesale structures, as well as the competitive dynamics of individual food and drink categories. Big retailers must understand these differences before they can identify the segments of European wholesaling in which their particular abilities might unseat smaller but entrenched competitors. New skills and unfamiliar business models are needed too.

[E]Despite variations in detail, wholesale markets in the countries that have been closely examined – France, Germany, Italy and Spain – are made out of the same building blocks. Demand comes mainly from two sources: independent mom-and-pop grocery stores which, unlike large retail chains, are too small to buy straight from producers, and food service operators that cater to consumers when they don’t eat at home. Such food service operators range from snack machines to large institutional catering ventures, but most of these businesses are known in the trade as “horeca”：hotels, restaurants, and cafés. Overall, Europe’s wholesale market for food and drink is growing at the same sluggish pace as the retail market, but the figures, when added together, mask two opposing trends.

[F]For example, wholesale food and drink sales came to ＄ 268 billion in France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom in 2000 – more than 40 percent of retail sales. Moreover, average overall margins are higher in wholesale than in retail; wholesale demand from the food service sector is growing quickly as more Europeans eat out more often; and changes in the competitive dynamics of this fragmented industry are at last making it feasible for wholesalers to consolidate.

[G]However, none of these requirements should deter large retailers (and even some large food producers and existing wholesalers) from trying their hand, for those that master the intricacies of wholesaling in Europe stand to reap considerable gains.

→	→	→	→	→

Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)

　　　One basic weakness in a conservation system based wholly on economic motives is that most members of the land community have no economic value. Yet these creatures are members of the biotic community and, if its  stability depends on  its integrity, they are entitled to continuance.
　　　When one of these noneconomic categories is threatened and, if we happen to love it, we invent excuses to give it economic importance. At the beginning of the century songbirds were supposed to be disappearing. (46) Scientists jumped to the rescue with some distinctly shaky evidence to the effect that insects would eat us up if birds failed to control them. The evidence had to be economic in order to be valid.
It is painful to read these roundabout accounts today. We have no land ethic yet,
(47)but we have at least drawn nearer the point of admitting that birds should continue as a matter of intrinsic right, regardless of the presence or absence of economic advantage to us.
A parallel situation exists in respect of predatory mammals and fish-eating birds.
(48)Time was when biologists somewhat overworked the evidence that these creatures preserve the health of game by killing the physically weak, or that they prey only on “worthless” species. Here again, the evidence had to be economic in order to be valid. It is only in recent years that we hear the more honest argument that predators are members of the community, and that no special interest has the right to exterminate them for the sake of benefit, real or fancied, to itself.
　　　Some species of trees have been “read out of the party” by economics-minded foresters because they grow too slowly, or have too low a sale value to pay as timber crops. (49) In Europe, where forestry is ecologically more advanced, the noncommercial tree species are recognized as members of the native forest community, to be preserved as such, within reason. Moreover, some have been found to have a valuable function in building up soil fertility. The interdependence of the forest and its constituent tree species, ground flora, and fauna is taken for granted.
　　　To sum up: a system of conservation based solely on economic self-interest is hopelessly lopsided. (50) It tends to ignore, and thus eventually to eliminate, many elements in the land community that lack commercial value, but that are essential to its healthy functioning. It assumes, falsely, that the economic parts of the biotic clock will function without the uneconomic parts.

Section III	Writing
Part A
51.Directions:
　　　You are supposed to write for the Postgraduates’ Association a notice to recruit volunteers for an international conference on globalization. The notice should include the basic qualifications for applicants and the other information which you think is relevant.
You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.
　　　Do not sign your own name at the end of the notice. Use “Postgraduates’ Association” instead. (10 points)

Part B
52.Directions:
　　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing. In your essay, you should
1)describe the drawing briefly,
2)explain its intended meaning, and
3)give your comments.
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)



2010年英语一真题答案

Section Ⅰ Use of  English

1.A        2.B       3.C       4.B       5.C       6.B       7.D       8.A      9.C      10.D

11.C     12.A     13.A     14.D     15.B     16.A     17.D     18.C     19.B     20.D


SectionⅡ	Reading Comprehension

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part A
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
Text 1	21~25	　　B A D A B	Text 2	26~30	　　C D C B A
Text 3	31~35	　　B D A C C	Text 4	36~40	　　A D C B D
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　                                  Part B 
　　　　　　　　　　　
41.B     42.F     43.D     44.G     45.A
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part C 
46. 科学家们急忙赶来挽救，但提出的证据显然站不住脚，其大意是，如果鸟类不能控制昆虫的数量，昆虫便会吞噬我们人类。

47. 但是我们至少近乎承认，无论鸟类能否带给我们经济价值，它们自有生存下去的权利。
48. 有证据表明：这些生物杀死体弱者来保持种群的健康，或者说它们仅仅捕食“没有价值”的物种。曾经有段时间，生物学家或多或少滥用了这一证据。

49. 在林业生态更为发达的欧洲，没有商业价值的树种被合理地看成是当地森林群落的成员，并得到相应的保护。

50. 这种保护系统往往忽视陆地群落中诸多缺乏商业价值但对其健康运行至关重要的物种，而最终导致它们的灭绝。

Section III	Writing
51、52 略




绝密★启用前



2011 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


16.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
17.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
18.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
19.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
20.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

Section I	Use of  English

Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and  mark A, B, C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

　　Ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle viewed laughter as “a bodily exercise precious to health.” But   1    some claims to the contrary, laughing probably has   little  influence on physical  fitness. Laughter  does     2       short-term  changes  in the function of the heart and its blood vessels,    3    heart rate and oxygen  consumption. But  because hard laughter is  difficult to   4   , a good laugh is   unlikely to have   5      benefits the way, say, walking or jogging does.
　　      6  , instead of straining muscles to build them, as exercise does, laughter apparently accomplishes the  7  . Studies dating back to the 1930s indicate that  laughter    8    muscles, decreasing muscle tone for up to 45 minutes after the laugh  dies down.
　　Such bodily reaction might conceivably help    9    the effects of psychological  stress. Anyway, the act of laughing probably does produce other types of   10    feedback that improve an individual’s emotional state.    11     one classical theory  of emotion, our feelings are partially rooted      12      physical reactions. It was argued at the end of the 19th century that humans do not cry   13    they are sad but they become sad  when the tears begin to flow.
　　Although  sadness  also    14     tears,  evidence  suggests  that  emotions  can flow  15   muscular responses. In an experiment published  in  1988,  social psychologist Fritz Strack of the University of Würzburg in Germany asked volunteers to   16   a pen either with their teeth – thereby creating an artificial smile – or with their lips, which would produce a(n)    17      expression. Those forced to exercise    their smiling muscles   18    more enthusiastically to funny cartoons than did those  whose mouths were contracted in a frown,   19   that expressions may influence  emotions rather than just the other way around.    20    , the  physical  act  of  laughter could improve mood.




31.[A] among	[B] except	[C] despite	[D] like
32.[A] reflect	[B] demand	[C] indicate	[D] produce
33.[A] stabilizing	[B] boosting	[C] impairing	[D] determining
34.[A] transmit	[B] sustain	[C] evaluate	[D] observe
35.[A] measurable	[B] manageable	[C] affordable	[D] renewable
36.[A] In turn	[B] In fact	[C] In addition	[D] In brief
37.[A] opposite	[B] impossible	[C] average	[D] expected
38.[A] hardens	[B] weakens	[C] tightens	[D] relaxes
39.[A] aggravate	[B] generate	[C] moderate	[D] enhance
40.[A] physical	[B] mental	[C] subconscious	[D] internal
41.[A] Except for	[B] According to	[C] Due to	[D] As for
42.[A] with	[B] on	[C] in	[D] at
43.[A] unless	[B] until	[C] if	[D] because
44.[A] exhausts	[B] follows	[C] precedes	[D] suppresses
45.[A] into	[B] from	[C] towards	[D] beyond
46.[A] fetch	[B] bite	[C] pick	[D] hold
47.[A] disappointed	[B] excited	[C] joyful	[D] indifferent
48.[A] adapted	[B] catered	[C] turned	[D] reacted
49.[A] suggesting	[B] requiring	[C] mentioning	[D] supposing
50.[A] Eventually	[B] Consequently	[C] Similarly	[D] Conversely



Section II	Reading Comprehension


Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing    A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)

Text 1

　　　The decision of the New York Philharmonic to hire Alan Gilbert as its next  music director has been the talk of the classical-music world ever since the sudden announcement of his appointment in 2009. For the most part, the response has been favorable, to say the least. “Hooray! At last!” wrote Anthony Tommasini, a sober-sided classical-music critic.
　　　One of the reasons why the appointment came as such a surprise, however, is  that Gilbert is comparatively little known. Even Tommasini, who had advocated Gilbert’s appointment in the Times, calls him “an unpretentious musician with no air of the formidable conductor about him.” As a description of the next music director of an orchestra that has hitherto been led by musicians like Gustav Mahler and Pierre Boulez, that seems likely to have struck at least some Times readers as faint praise.
　　　For my part, I have no idea whether Gilbert is a great conductor or even a good one. To be sure, he performs an impressive variety of interesting compositions, but it is not necessary for me to visit Avery Fisher Hall, or anywhere else, to hear interesting orchestral music. All I have to do is to go to my CD shelf, or boot up my computer and download still more recorded music from iTunes.
　　　Devoted concertgoers who reply that recordings are no substitute for live performance are missing the point. For the time, attention, and money of the art-loving public, classical instrumentalists must compete not only with opera houses, dance troupes, theater companies, and museums, but also with the recorded performances of the great classical musicians of the 20th century. These recordings are cheap, available everywhere, and very often much higher in artistic quality than today’s live performances; moreover, they can be “consumed” at a time and place of the listener’s choosing. The widespread availability of such recordings has thus brought about a crisis in the institution of the traditional classical concert.
　　　One possible response is for classical performers to program attractive new music that is not yet available on record. Gilbert’s own interest in new music has been widely noted: Alex Ross, a classical-music critic, has described him as a man who is capable of turning the Philharmonic into “a markedly different, more vibrant organization.” But what will be the nature of that difference? Merely expanding the orchestra’s repertoire will not be enough. If Gilbert and the Philharmonic are to succeed, they must first change the relationship between America’s oldest orchestra and the new audience it hopes to attract.
51.We learn from Paragraph 1 that Gilbert’s appointment has
?incurred criticism.
?raised suspicion.
?received acclaim.
?aroused curiosity.

52.Tommasini regards Gilbert as an artist who is
?influential.
?modest.
?respectable.
?talented.

53.The author believes that the devoted concertgoers
?ignore the expenses of live performances.
?reject most kinds of recorded performances.
?exaggerate the variety of live performances.
?overestimate the value of live performances.

54.According to the text, which of the following is true of recordings?
?They are often inferior to live concerts in quality.
?They are easily accessible to the general public.
?They help improve the quality of music.
?They have only covered masterpieces.

55.Regarding Gilbert’s role in revitalizing the Philharmonic, the author feels
?doubtful.
?enthusiastic.
?confident.
?puzzled.











Text 2

　　When Liam McGee departed as president of Bank of America in August, his explanation was surprisingly straight up. Rather than cloaking his exit in the usual vague excuses, he came right out and said he was leaving “to pursue my goal of running a company.” Broadcasting his ambition was “very much my decision,” McGee says. Within two weeks, he was talking for the first time with the board of Hartford Financial Services Group, which named him CEO and chairman on September 29.
　　McGee says leaving without a position lined up gave him time to reflect on what kind of company he wanted to run. It also sent a clear message to the outside world about his aspirations. And McGee isn’t alone. In recent weeks the No.2 executives at Avon and American Express quit with the explanation that they were looking for a CEO post. As boards scrutinize succession plans in response to shareholder pressure, executives who don’t get the nod also may wish to move on. A turbulent business environment also has senior managers cautious of letting vague pronouncements cloud their reputations.
　　As the first signs of recovery begin to take hold, deputy chiefs may be more willing to make the jump without a net. In the third quarter, CEO turnover was down 23% from a year ago as nervous boards stuck with the leaders they had, according to Liberum Research. As the economy picks up, opportunities will abound for aspiring leaders.
　　The decision to quit a senior position to look for a better one is unconventional. For years executives and headhunters have adhered to the rule that the most attractive CEO candidates are the ones who must be poached. Says Korn/Ferry senior partner Dennis Carey: “I can’t think of a single search I’ve done where a board has not instructed me to look at sitting CEOs first.”
　　Those who jumped without a job haven’t always landed in top positions quickly. Ellen Marram quit as chief of Tropicana a decade ago, saying she wanted to be a CEO. It was a year before she became head of a tiny Internet-based commodities exchange. Robert Willumstad left Citigroup in 2005 with ambitions to be a CEO. He finally took that post at a major financial institution three years later.
　　Many recruiters say the old disgrace is fading for top performers. The financial crisis has made it more acceptable to be between jobs or to leave a bad one. “The traditional rule was it’s safer to stay where you are, but that’s been fundamentally inverted,” says one headhunter. “The people who’ve been hurt the worst are those who’ve stayed too long.”
　　
56.When McGee announced his departure, his manner can best be described as being
?arrogant.
?frank.
?self-centered.
?impulsive.

57.According to Paragraph 2, senior executives’ quitting may be spurred by
?their expectation of better financial status.
?their need to reflect on their private life.
?their strained relations with the boards.
?their pursuit of new career goals.

58.The word “poached” (Line 3, Paragraph 4) most probably means
?approved of.
?attended to.
?hunted for.
?guarded against.

59.It can be inferred from the last paragraph that
?top performers used to cling to their posts.
?loyalty of top performers is getting out-dated.
?top performers care more about reputations.
?it’s safer to stick to the traditional rules.

60.Which of the following is the best title for the text?
?CEOs: Where to Go?
?CEOs: All the Way Up?
?Top Managers Jump without a Net
?The Only Way Out for Top Performers

Text 3

　　The rough guide to marketing success used to be that you got what you paid for. No longer. While traditional “paid” media – such as television commercials and print advertisements – still play a major role, companies today can exploit many alternative forms of media. Consumers passionate about a product may create “earned” media by willingly promoting it to friends, and a company may leverage “owned” media by sending e-mail alerts about products and sales to customers registered with its Web site. The way consumers now approach the process of making purchase decisions means that marketing’s impact stems from a broad range of factors beyond conventional paid media.
　　Paid and owned media are controlled by marketers promoting their own products. For earned media, such marketers act as the initiator for users’ responses. But in some cases, one marketer’s owned media become another marketer’s paid media – for instance, when an e-commerce retailer sells ad space on its Web site. We define such sold media as owned media whose traffic is so strong that other organizations place their content or e-commerce engines within that environment. This trend, which we believe is still in its infancy, effectively began with retailers and travel providers such as airlines and hotels and will no doubt go further. Johnson & Johnson, for example, has created BabyCenter, a stand-alone media property that promotes complementary and even competitive products. Besides generating income, the presence of other marketers makes the site seem objective, gives companies opportunities to learn valuable information about the appeal of other companies’ marketing, and may help expand user traffic for all companies concerned.
　　The same dramatic technological changes that have provided marketers with more (and more diverse) communications choices have also increased the risk that passionate consumers will voice their opinions in quicker, more visible, and much more damaging ways. Such hijacked media are the opposite of earned media: an asset or campaign becomes hostage to consumers, other stakeholders, or activists who  make negative allegations about a brand or product. Members of social networks, for instance, are learning that they can hijack media to apply pressure on the businesses that originally created them.
　　If that happens, passionate consumers would try to persuade others to boycott products, putting the reputation of the target company at risk. In such a case, the company’s response may not be sufficiently quick or thoughtful, and the learning curve has been steep. Toyota Motor, for example, alleviated some of the damage from its recall crisis earlier this year with a relatively quick and well-orchestrated social-media response campaign, which included efforts to engage with consumers directly on sites such as Twitter and the social-news site Digg.

61.Consumers may create “earned” media when they are
?obsessed with online shopping at certain Web sites.
?inspired by product-promoting e-mails sent to them.
?eager to help their friends promote quality products.
?enthusiastic about recommending their favorite products.

62.According to Paragraph 2, sold media feature
?a safe business environment.
?random competition.
?strong user traffic.
?flexibility in organization.

63.The author indicates in Paragraph 3 that earned media
?invite constant conflicts with passionate consumers.
?can be used to produce negative effects in marketing.
?may be responsible for fiercer competition.
?deserve all the negative comments about them.

64.Toyota Motor’s experience is cited as an example of
?responding effectively to hijacked media.
?persuading customers into boycotting products.
?cooperating with supportive consumers.
?taking advantage of hijacked media.

65.Which of the following is the text mainly about?
?Alternatives to conventional paid media.
?Conflict between hijacked and earned media.
?Dominance of hijacked media.
?Popularity of owned media.

Text 4

　　It’s no surprise that Jennifer Senior’s insightful, provocative magazine  cover story, “I love My Children, I Hate My Life, ” is arousing much chatter – nothing gets people talking like the suggestion that child rearing is anything less than a completely fulfilling, life-enriching experience. Rather than concluding that children  make parents either happy or miserable, Senior suggests we need to redefine happiness: instead of thinking of it as something that can be measured by moment-to-moment joy, we should consider being happy as a past-tense condition. Even  though  the day-to-day experience of raising kids can be soul-crushingly hard, Senior writes that “the very things that in the moment dampen our moods can later be sources of intense gratification and delight.”
　　The magazine cover showing an attractive mother holding a cute baby is hardly the only Madonna-and-child image on newsstands this week. There are also stories about newly adoptive – and newly single – mom Sandra Bullock, as well as the usual “Jennifer Aniston is pregnant” news. Practically every week features at least one celebrity mom, or mom-to-be, smiling on the newsstands.
　　In a society that so persistently celebrates procreation, is it any wonder that admitting you regret having children is equivalent to admitting you support kitten-killing? It doesn’t seem quite fair, then, to compare the regrets of parents to the regrets of the childless. Unhappy parents rarely are provoked to wonder if they shouldn’t have had kids, but unhappy childless folks are bothered with the message that children are the single most important thing in the world: obviously their misery must be a direct result of the gaping baby-size holes in their lives.
　　Of course, the image of parenthood that celebrity magazines like Us Weekly and People present is hugely unrealistic, especially when the parents are single mothers like Bullock. According to several studies concluding that parents are less happy than childless couples, single parents are the least happy of all. No shock there,  considering how much work it is to raise a kid without a partner to lean on; yet to  hear Sandra and Britney tell it, raising a kid on their “own” (read: with round-the-clock help) is a piece of cake.
　　It’s hard to imagine that many people are dumb enough to want children just because Reese and Angelina make it look so glamorous: most adults understand that a baby is not a haircut. But it’s interesting to wonder if the images we see every week  of stress-free, happiness-enhancing parenthood aren’t in some small, subconscious way contributing to our own dissatisfactions with the actual experience, in the same way that a small part of us hoped getting “the Rachel” might make us look just a little bit like Jennifer Aniston.

66.Jennifer Senior suggests in her article that raising a child can bring
?temporary delight.
?enjoyment in progress.
?happiness in retrospect.
?lasting reward.

67.We learn from Paragraph 2 that
?celebrity moms are a permanent source for gossip.
?single mothers with babies deserve greater attention.
?news about pregnant celebrities is entertaining.
?having children is highly valued by the public.

68.It is suggested in Paragraph 3 that childless folks
?are constantly exposed to criticism.
?are largely ignored by the media.
?fail to fulfill their social responsibilities.
?are less likely to be satisfied with their life.

69.According to Paragraph 4, the message conveyed by celebrity magazines is
?soothing.
?ambiguous.
?compensatory.
?misleading.

70.Which of the following can be inferred from the last paragraph?
?Having children contributes little to the glamour of celebrity moms.
?Celebrity moms have influenced our attitude towards child rearing.
?Having children intensifies our dissatisfaction with life.
?We sometimes neglect the happiness from child rearing.


Part B
Directions:
The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For questions 41-45, you are required to reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent text by choosing from the list A-G and filling them into the numbered boxes. Paragraphs E and G have been correctly placed. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

68.No disciplines have seized on professionalism with as much enthusiasm as the humanities. You  can, Mr.  Menand points out, become a lawyer in three years  and a medical doctor in four. But the regular time it takes to get a doctoral degree in the humanities is nine years. Not surprisingly, up to half of all doctoral students in English drop out before getting their degrees.

69.His concern is mainly with the humanities: literature, languages, philosophy and so on. These are disciplines that are going out of style: 22%  of  American  college graduates now major in business compared with only 2% in history and 4% in English. However, many leading American universities want their undergraduates to have a grounding in the basic canon of ideas that every educated person should possess. But most find it difficult to agree on what a “general education” should look like. At Harvard, Mr. Menand  notes,  “the  great books are read because they have been read” – they form a sort of social glue.

70.Equally unsurprisingly, only about half end up with professorships for which  they entered graduate school. There are simply too few posts. This is partly because universities continue to produce ever more PhDs. But fewer students want to study humanities subjects: English departments awarded more  bachelor’s degrees in 1970-71 than they did 20 years later. Fewer students  require fewer teachers. So, at the end of a decade of thesis-writing, many humanities students leave the profession to do something for which they have  not been trained.

71.One reason why it is hard to design and teach such courses is that  they cut across the insistence by top American universities that liberal-arts education and professional education should be kept separate, taught in different  schools.  Many students experience both varieties. Although more than half of Harvard undergraduates end up in law, medicine or business, future doctors and lawyers must study a non-specialist liberal-arts degree before embarking on a professional qualification.

72.Besides professionalising the professions by this separation, top American universities have professionalised the professor. The growth  in  public  money for academic research has speeded the process: federal research grants rose fourfold between 1960 and 1990, but faculty teaching hours fell by half as research took its toll. Professionalism has turned the acquisition of a doctoral degree into a prerequisite for a successful academic career: as late as 1969  a  third of American professors did not possess one. But the key idea behind professionalisation, argues Mr. Menand, is that “the knowledge and skills  needed for a particular specialisation are transmissible but not transferable.” So disciplines acquire a monopoly not just over the production of knowledge, but also over the production of the producers of knowledge.

73.The key to reforming higher education, concludes Mr.  Menand, is to alter the  way in which “the producers of knowledge are  produced”.  Otherwise, academics will continue to  think  dangerously  alike,  increasingly  detached from the societies which they study, investigate and criticise.  “Academic  inquiry, at least in some fields, may need to  become  less  exclusionary  and more holistic.” Yet quite how that happens, Mr. Menand does not say.

74.The subtle and intelligent little book The Marketplace of Ideas: Reform and Resistance in the American University should be read by every student thinking of applying to take a doctoral degree. They may then decide to go elsewhere.   For something curious has been happening  in  American  universities,  and  Louis Menand, a professor of English at Harvard University, captured it skillfully.





→	→	→	→	→	→

Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)

　　With its theme that “Mind is the master weaver,” creating our inner character and outer circumstances, the book As a Man Thinketh by James Allen is an in-depth exploration of the central idea of self-help writing.
　　(46) Allen’s contribution was to take an assumption we all share – that because we are not robots we therefore control our thoughts – and reveal its erroneous nature. Because most of us believe that mind is separate from matter, we think that thoughts can be hidden and made powerless; this allows us to think one way and act another. However, Allen believed that the unconscious mind generates as much action as the conscious mind, and (47) while we may be able to sustain the illusion of control through the conscious mind alone, in reality we are continually faced with a question: “Why cannot I make myself do this or achieve that?”
　　Since desire and will are damaged by the presence of thoughts that do not accord with desire, Allen concluded: “We do not attract what we want, but what we are.” Achievement happens because you as a person embody the external achievement; you don’t “get” success but become it. There is no gap between mind and matter.
　　Part of the fame of Allen’s book is its contention that “Circumstances do not make a person, they reveal him.” (48) This seems a justification for neglect of those in need, and a rationalization of exploitation, of the superiority of those at the top and  the inferiority of those at the bottom.
　　This, however, would be a knee-jerk reaction to a subtle argument. Each set of circumstances, however bad, offers a unique opportunity for growth. If circumstances always determined the life and prospects of people, then humanity would never have progressed. In fact, (49) circumstances seem to be designed to bring out the best in us, and if we feel that we have been “wronged” then we are unlikely to begin a conscious effort to escape from our situation. Nevertheless, as any biographer knows, a person’s early life and its conditions are often the greatest gift to an individual.
　　The sobering aspect of Allen’s book is that we have no one else to blame for our present condition except ourselves. (50) The upside is the possibilities contained in knowing that everything is up to us; where before we were experts in the array of limitations, now we become authorities of what is possible.

Section III	Writing


Part A
[Q]Directions:
Write a letter to a friend of yours to
?recommend one of your favorite movies and
?give reasons for your recommendation.
You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)



Part B
[R]Directions:
　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing. In your essay, you should
?describe the drawing briefly,
?explain its intended meaning, and
?give your comments.
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)


旅程之“余”

2011年英语一真题答案

Section Ⅰ Use of  English

1.C        2.D       3.B       4.B       5.A       6.B       7.A       8.D      9.C      10.A

11.B     12.C     13.D     14.C     15.B     16.D     17.A     18.D     19.A     20.C


SectionⅡ	Reading Comprehension

Part A
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
Text 1	21~25	　　C B D B A	Text 2	26~30	　　B D C A C
Text 3	31~35	　　D C B A A	Text 4	36~40	　　C D A D B

Part B
　　　　　　　　　　　
41.B     42.D     43.A     44.C     45.F
Part C

46．爱伦的贡献在于，他拿出“我们并非机器人，因此能掌控自己的思想”这一公认的假设，并揭示了其谬误所在。

47．尽管我们或许可以仅凭意识来维系“控制”这种错觉，现实中我们还是不断要面对一个问题：“我为什么不能让自己做这个或实现那个？”

48．这似乎是在为忽视贫困者的行为作辩护，为剥削、为社会上层人群的优越及社会底层人群的卑微找理由。

49．环境仿佛就是为了激发我们的最大潜能而设，如果我们觉得自己遭受了“不公”，就不太可能有意识地去努力摆脱自己的处境。

50．其正面意义在于，了解了一切都取决于我们自己，即有了诸多可能；此前我们是谙熟各种局限的专家，现在我们成了驾驭各种可能性的权威。


Section III	Writing

51、52 略




绝密★启用前



2012 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


21.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
22.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
23.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
24.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
25.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

Section I	Use of  English

Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered  blank  and  mark A, B, C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

　　　The ethical judgments of the Supreme Court justices have become an important issue recently. The  court  cannot     1      its legitimacy as guardian of the rule  of   law   2    justices behave like politicians. Yet, in several instances, justices acted in ways that     3      the court’s reputation for being independent and impartial.
　　　Justice Antonin Scalia, for example, appeared at political events. That kind of activity makes it less likely that the court’s decisions will be   4   as impartial  judgments. Part of the problem is that the justices are not     5     by an ethics code.   At  the  very least, the court should make itself     6     to  the code of  conduct    that    7     to the rest of the federal judiciary.
　　　This  and  other  similar  cases       8       the  question  of  whether  there  is  still a     9     between the court and politics.
　　　The framers of the Constitution envisioned law   10    having authority apart  from politics. They gave  justices  permanent positions     11      they would  be free to   12    those in power and have no need to    13    political support. Our legal  system was designed to set law apart from politics precisely because they are so closely 14 .
　　　Constitutional law is political because it results from choices rooted in fundamental social    15    like liberty and property. When  the court deals with    social policy decisions, the law it  16    is inescapably political –  which is why  decisions split along ideological lines are so easily   17     as unjust.
　　　The justices must  18   doubts about the  court’s  legitimacy by making themselves     19     to the code of conduct. That would make rulings more likely to  be seen as separate from politics and,     20     , convincing as law.






1. [A] emphasize	[B] maintain	[C] modify	[D] recognize
2. [A] when	[B] lest	[C] before	[D] unless
3. [A] restored	[B] weakened	[C] established	[D] eliminated
4. [A] challenged	[B] compromised	[C] suspected	[D] accepted
5. [A] advanced	[B] caught	[C] bound	[D] founded
6. [A] resistant	[B] subject	[C] immune	[D] prone
7. [A] resorts	[B] sticks	[C] leads	[D] applies
8. [A] evade	[B] raise	[C] deny	[D] settle
9. [A] line	[B] barrier	[C] similarity	[D] conflict
10. [A] by	[B] as	[C] through	[D] towards
11. [A] so	[B] since	[C] provided	[D] though
12. [A] serve	[B] satisfy	[C] upset	[D] replace
13. [A] confirm	[B] express	[C] cultivate	[D] offer
14. [A] guarded	[B] followed	[C] studied	[D] tied
15. [A] concepts	[B] theories	[C] divisions	[D] conventions
16. [A] excludes	[B] questions	[C] shapes	[D] controls
17. [A] dismissed	[B] released	[C] ranked	[D] distorted
18. [A] suppress	[B] exploit	[C] address	[D] ignore
19. [A] accessible	[B] amiable	[C] agreeable	[D] accountable
20. [A] by all means	[B] at all costs	[C] in a word	[D] as a result





Section Ⅱ	Reading Comprehension

Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)

Text 1

　　　Come on – Everybody’s doing it. That whispered message, half invitation and half forcing, is what most of us think of when we hear the words peer pressure. It usually leads to no good – drinking, drugs and casual sex. But in her new book Join the Club, Tina Rosenberg contends that peer pressure can also be a positive force through what she calls the social cure, in which organizations and officials use the power of group dynamics to help individuals improve their lives and possibly the world.
　　　Rosenberg, the recipient of a Pulitzer Prize, offers a host of examples of the social cure in action: In South Carolina, a state-sponsored antismoking  program called Rage Against the Haze sets out to make cigarettes uncool. In South Africa, an HIV-prevention initiative known as loveLife recruits young people to promote safe sex among their peers.
　　　The idea seems promising, and Rosenberg is a perceptive observer. Her critique of the lameness of many public-health campaigns is spot-on: they fail to mobilize  peer pressure for healthy habits, and they demonstrate a seriously flawed understanding of psychology. “Dare to be different, please don’t smoke!” pleads one billboard campaign aimed at reducing smoking among teenagers – teenagers, who desire nothing more than fitting in. Rosenberg argues convincingly that public-health advocates ought to take a page from advertisers, so skilled at applying peer pressure.
　　　But on the general effectiveness of the social cure, Rosenberg is less persuasive. Join the Club is filled with too much irrelevant detail and not enough exploration of the social and biological factors that make peer pressure so powerful. The most glaring flaw of the social cure as it’s presented here is that it doesn’t work very well for very long. Rage Against the Haze failed once state funding was cut. Evidence that the loveLife program produces lasting changes is limited and mixed.
　　　There’s no doubt that our peer groups exert enormous influence on our behavior. An emerging body of research shows that positive health habits – as well as negative ones – spread through networks of friends via social communication. This is a subtle form of peer pressure: we unconsciously imitate the behavior we see every day.
　　　Far less certain, however, is how successfully experts and bureaucrats can select our peer groups and steer their activities in virtuous directions. It’s like the teacher who breaks up the troublemakers in the back row by pairing them with better-behaved classmates. The tactic never really works. And that’s the problem with a social cure engineered from the outside: in the real world, as in school, we insist on choosing our own friends.
　　　
71.According to the first paragraph, peer pressure often emerges as
?a supplement to the social cure.
?a stimulus to group dynamics.
?an obstacle to social progress.
?a cause of undesirable behaviors.

72.Rosenberg holds that public-health advocates should
?recruit professional advertisers.
?learn from advertisers’ experience.
?stay away from commercial advertisers.
?recognize the limitations of advertisements.

73.In the author’s view, Rosenberg’s book fails to
?adequately probe social and biological factors.
?effectively evade the flaws of the social cure.
?illustrate the functions of state funding.
?produce a long-lasting social effect.

74.Paragraph 5 shows that our imitation of behaviors
?is harmful to our networks of friends.
?will mislead behavioral studies.
?occurs without our realizing it.
?can produce negative health habits.

75.The author suggests in the last paragraph that the effect of peer pressure is
?harmful.
?desirable.
?profound.
?questionable.







Text 2

　　　A deal is a deal – except, apparently, when Entergy is involved. The company, a major energy supplier in New England, provoked justified outrage in Vermont last week when it announced it was reneging on a longstanding commitment to abide by the state’s strict nuclear regulations.
　　　Instead, the company has done precisely what it had long promised it would not: challenge the constitutionality of Vermont’s rules in the federal court, as part of a desperate effort to keep its Vermont Yankee nuclear power plant running. It’s a stunning move.
　　　The conflict has been surfacing since 2002, when the corporation bought Vermont’s only nuclear power plant, an aging reactor in Vernon. As a condition of receiving state approval for the sale, the company agreed to seek permission from state regulators to operate past 2012. In 2006, the state went a step further, requiring that any extension of the plant’s license be subject to the Vermont legislature’s approval. Then, too, the company went along.
　　　Either Entergy never really intended to live by those commitments, or it simply didn’t foresee what would happen next. A string of accidents, including the partial collapse of a cooling tower in 2007 and the discovery of an underground pipe system leakage, raised serious questions about both Vermont Yankee’s safety and Entergy’s management – especially after the company made misleading statements about the pipe. Enraged by Entergy’s behavior, the Vermont Senate voted 26 to 4 last year against allowing an extension.
　　　Now the company is suddenly claiming that the 2002 agreement is invalid because of the 2006 legislation, and that only the federal government has regulatory power over nuclear issues. The legal issues in the case are obscure: whereas the Supreme Court has ruled that states do have some regulatory authority over nuclear power, legal scholars say that Vermont case will offer a precedent-setting test of how far those powers extend. Certainly, there are valid concerns about the patchwork regulations that could result if every state sets its own rules. But had Entergy kept its word, that debate would be beside the point.
　　　The company seems to have concluded that its reputation in Vermont is already so damaged that it has nothing left to lose by going to war with the state. But there should be consequences. Permission to run a nuclear plant is a public trust. Entergy runs 11 other reactors in the United States, including Pilgrim Nuclear station in Plymouth. Pledging to run Pilgrim safely, the company has applied for federal permission to keep it open for another 20 years. But as the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) reviews the company’s application, it should keep in mind what promises from Entergy are worth.
　　　
76.The phrase “reneging on” (Line 3, Para. 1) is closest in meaning to
?condemning.
?reaffirming.
?dishonoring.
?securing.

77.By entering into the 2002 agreement, Entergy intended to
?obtain protection from Vermont regulators.
?seek favor from the federal legislature.
?acquire an extension of its business license.
?get permission to purchase a power plant.

78.According to Paragraph 4, Entergy seems to have problems with its
?managerial practices.
?technical innovativeness.
?financial goals.
?business vision.

79.In the author’s view, the Vermont case will test
?Entergy’s capacity to fulfill all its promises.
?the nature of states’ patchwork regulations.
?the federal authority over nuclear issues.
?the limits of states’ power over nuclear issues.

80.It can be inferred from the last paragraph that
?Entergy’s business elsewhere might be affected.
?the authority of the NRC will be defied.
?Entergy will withdraw its Plymouth application.
?Vermont’s reputation might be damaged.








Text 3

　　　In the idealized version of how science is done, facts about the world are waiting to be observed and collected by objective researchers who use the scientific method  to carry out their work. But in the everyday practice of science, discovery frequently follows an ambiguous and complicated route. We aim to be objective, but we cannot escape the context of our unique life experiences. Prior knowledge and interests influence what we experience, what we think our experiences mean, and the subsequent actions we take. Opportunities for misinterpretation, error, and self-deception abound.
　　　Consequently, discovery claims should be thought of as protoscience. Similar to newly staked mining claims, they are full of potential. But it takes collective scrutiny and acceptance to transform a discovery claim into a mature discovery. This is the credibility process, through which the individual researcher’s me, here, now becomes the community’s anyone, anywhere, anytime. Objective knowledge is the goal, not the starting point.
　　　Once a discovery claim becomes public, the discoverer receives intellectual credit. But, unlike with mining claims, the community takes control of what happens next. Within the complex social structure of the scientific community, researchers make discoveries; editors and reviewers act as gatekeepers by controlling the publication process; other scientists use the new finding to suit their own purposes; and finally, the public (including other scientists) receives the new discovery and possibly accompanying technology. As a discovery claim works its way through the community, the interaction and confrontation between shared and competing beliefs about the science and the technology involved transforms an individual’s discovery claim into the community’s credible discovery.
　　　Two paradoxes exist throughout this credibility process. First, scientific work tends to focus on some aspect of prevailing knowledge that is viewed as incomplete  or incorrect. Little reward accompanies duplication and confirmation of what is already known and believed. The goal is new-search, not re-search. Not surprisingly, newly published discovery claims and credible discoveries that appear to be  important and convincing will always be open to challenge and potential modification or refutation by future researchers. Second, novelty itself frequently provokes disbelief. Nobel Laureate and physiologist Albert Szent-Gy?rgyi once described discovery as “seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought.” But thinking what nobody else has thought and telling others what they  have missed may not change their views. Sometimes years are required for  truly novel discovery claims to be accepted and appreciated.
　　　In the end, credibility “happens” to a discovery claim – a process that corresponds to what philosopher Annette Baier has described as the commons of the mind. “We reason together, challenge, revise, and complete each other’s reasoning  and each other’s conceptions of reason.”
　　　
81.According to the first paragraph, the process of discovery is characterized by its
?uncertainty and complexity.
?misconception and deceptiveness.
?logicality and objectivity.
?systematicness and regularity.

82.It can be inferred from Paragraph 2 that credibility process requires
?strict inspection.
?shared efforts.
?individual wisdom.
?persistent innovation.

83.Paragraph 3 shows that a discovery claim becomes credible after it
?has attracted the attention of the general public.
?has been examined by the scientific community.
?has received recognition from editors and reviewers.
?has been frequently quoted by peer scientists.

84.Albert Szent-Gy?rgyi would most likely agree that
?scientific claims will survive challenges.
?discoveries today inspire future research.
?efforts to make discoveries are justified.
?scientific work calls for a critical mind.

85.Which of the following would be the best title of the text?
?Novelty as an Engine of Scientific Development.
?Collective Scrutiny in Scientific Discovery.
?Evolution of Credibility in Doing Science.
?Challenge to Credibility at the Gate to Science.








Text 4

　　　If the trade unionist Jimmy Hoffa were alive today, he would probably represent civil servants. When Hoffa’s Teamsters were in their prime in 1960, only one in ten American government workers belonged to a union; now 36% do. In 2009 the  number of unionists in America’s public sector passed that of their fellow members in the private sector. In Britain, more than half of public-sector workers but only about 15% of private-sector ones are unionized.
　　　There are three reasons for the public-sector unions’ thriving. First, they can shut things down without suffering much in the way of consequences. Second, they are mostly bright and well-educated. A quarter of America’s public-sector workers have a university degree. Third, they now dominate left-of-centre politics. Some of their ties go back a long way. Britain’s Labor Party, as its name implies, has long been associated with trade unionism. Its current leader, Ed Miliband, owes his position to votes from public-sector unions.
　　　At the state level their influence can be even more fearsome. Mark Baldassare of the Public Policy Institute of California points out that much of the state’s budget is patrolled by unions. The teachers’ unions keep an eye on schools, the CCPOA on prisons and a variety of labor groups on health care.
　　　In many rich countries average wages in the state sector are higher than in the private one. But the real gains come in benefits and work practices. Politicians have repeatedly “backloaded” public-sector pay deals, keeping the pay increases modest but adding to holidays and especially pensions that are already generous.
　　　Reform has been vigorously opposed, perhaps most notoriously in education, where charter schools, academies and merit pay all faced drawn-out battles. Even though there is plenty of evidence that the quality of the teachers is the most  important variable, teachers’ unions have fought against getting rid of bad ones and promoting good ones.
　　　As the cost to everyone else has become clearer, politicians have begun to clamp down. In Wisconsin the unions have rallied thousands of supporters against Scott Walker, the hardline Republican governor. But many within the public sector suffer under the current system, too.
　　　John Donahue at Harvard’s Kennedy School points out that the norms of culture in Western civil services suit those who want to stay put but is bad for high achievers. The only American public-sector workers who earn well above $250,000 a year are university sports coaches and the president of the United States. Bankers’ fat pay packets have attracted much criticism, but a public-sector system that does not reward high achievers may be a much bigger problem for America.
86.It can be learned from the first paragraph that
?Teamsters still have a large body of members.
?Jimmy Hoffa used to work as a civil servant.
?unions have enlarged their public-sector membership.
?the government has improved its relationship with unionists.

87.Which of the following is true of Paragraph 2?
?Public-sector unions are prudent in taking actions.
?Education is required for public-sector union membership.
?Labor Party has long been fighting against public-sector unions.
?Public-sector unions seldom get in trouble for their actions.

88.It can be learned from Paragraph 4 that the income in the state sector is
?illegally secured.
?indirectly augmented.
?excessively increased.
?fairly adjusted.

89.The example of the unions in Wisconsin shows that unions
?often run against the current political system.
?can change people’s political attitudes.
?may be a barrier to public-sector reforms.
?are dominant in the government.

90.John Donahue’s attitude towards the public-sector system is one of
?disapproval.
?appreciation.
?tolerance.
?indifference.







Part B Directions:
In the following text, some sentences have been removed. For Questions 41 – 45, choose the most suitable one from the list A – G to fit into each of the numbered blanks. There are two extra choices, which do not fit in any of the blanks. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

　　　Think of those fleeting moments when you look out of an aeroplane window and realise that you are flying, higher than a bird. Now think of your laptop, thinner than a brown-paper envelope, or your cellphone in the palm of your hand. Take a moment or two to wonder at those marvels. You are the lucky inheritor of a dream come true.
　　　The second half of the 20th century saw a collection of geniuses, warriors, entrepreneurs and visionaries labour to create a fabulous machine that could function as a typewriter and printing press, studio and theatre, paintbrush and gallery, piano and radio, the mail as well as the mail carrier. (41)  	
　　　The networked computer is an amazing device, the first media machine that serves as the mode of production, means of distribution, site of reception, and place  of praise and critique. The computer is the 21st century’s culture machine.
　　　But for all the reasons there are to celebrate the computer, we must also act with caution. (42)	I call it a secret war for two reasons. First, most people do not realise that there are strong commercial agendas at work to keep them in passive consumption mode. Second, the majority of people who use networked computers to upload are not even aware of the significance of what they are doing.
　　　All animals download, but only a few upload. Beavers build dams and birds make nests. Yet for the most part, the animal kingdom moves through the world downloading. Humans are unique in their capacity to not only make tools but then turn around and use them to create superfluous material goods – paintings, sculpture and architecture – and superfluous experiences – music, literature, religion and philosopy.
(43)  	
　　　For all the possibilities of our new culture machines, most people are still stuck in download mode. Even after the advent of widespread social media, a pyramid of production remains, with a small number of people uploading material, a slightly larger group commenting on or modifying that content, and a huge percentage remaining content to just consume. (44)  	
　　　Television is a one-way tap flowing into our  homes. The  hardest  task that television asks of anyone is to turn the power off  after he  has  turned  it on. (45)  	
　　　What counts as meaningful uploading? My definition revolves around the concept of “stickiness” – creations and experiences to which others adhere.
　　　
75.Of course, it is precisely these superfluous things that define human culture and ultimately what it is to be human. Downloading and consuming culture requires great skills, but failing to move beyond downloading is to strip oneself of a defining constituent of humanity.

76.Applications like tumblr.com, which allow users to combine pictures, words and other media in creative ways and then share them, have the potential to add stickiness by amusing, entertaining and enlightening others.

77.Not only did they develop such a device but by the turn of the millennium       they had also managed to embed it in a worldwide system accessed by billions   of people every day.

78.This is because the networked computer has sparked a secret war between downloading and uploading – between  passive  consumption  and  active creation – whose outcome will shape our  collective  future  in  ways  we  can only begin to imagine.

79.The challenge the computer mounts to television thus bears little similarity to  one format being replaced by another in the manner of record players being replaced by CD players.

80.One reason for the persistence of this pyramid of production is that for the past half-century, much of the world’s media culture has been defined by a single medium – television – and television is defined by downloading.

81.The networked computer offers the first chance in  50  years  to  reverse  the  flow, to encourage thoughtful downloading and, even more importantly, meaningful uploading.






Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)

　　　Since the days of Aristotle, a search for universal principles has characterized the scientific enterprise. In some ways, this quest for commonalities defines science. Newton’s laws of motion and Darwinian evolution each bind a host of different phenomena into a single explicatory framework.
　　　(46) In physics, one approach takes this impulse for unification to its extreme, and seeks a theory of everything – a single generative equation for all we see. It is becoming less clear, however, that such a theory would be a simplification, given the dimensions and universes that it might entail. Nonetheless, unification of sorts remains a major goal.
　　　This tendency in the natural sciences has long been evident in the social sciences too. (47) Here, Darwinism seems to offer justification, for if all humans share common origins, it seems reasonable to suppose that cultural diversity could also be traced to more constrained beginnings. Just as the bewildering variety of human courtship rituals might all be considered forms of sexual selection, perhaps the  world’s languages, music, social and religious customs and even history are governed by universal features. (48) To filter out what is unique from what is shared might enable us to understand how complex cultural behavior arose and what guides it in evolutionary or cognitive terms.
　　　That, at least, is the hope. But a comparative study of linguistic traits published online today supplies a reality check. Russell Gray at the University of Auckland and his colleagues consider the evolution of grammars in the light of two previous attempts to find universality in language.
　　　The most famous of these efforts was initiated by Noam Chomsky, who suggested that humans are born with an innate language-acquisition capacity that dictates a universal grammar. A few generative rules are then sufficient to unfold the entire fundamental structure of a language, which is why children can learn it so quickly.
　　　(49) The second, by Joshua Greenberg, takes a more empirical approach to universality, identifying traits (particularly in word order) shared by many languages, which are considered to represent biases that result from cognitive constraints.
　　　Gray and his colleagues have put them to the test by examining four family trees that between them represent more than 2,000 languages. (50) Chomsky’s grammar should show patterns of language change that are independent of the family tree  or the pathway tracked through it, whereas Greenbergian universality predicts strong co-dependencies between particular types of word-order relations. Neither of these patterns is borne out by the analysis, suggesting that the structures of the languages are lineage-specific and not governed by universals.

Section Ⅲ	Writing

Part A

[S]Directions:
　　Some international students are coming to your university. Write them an email in the name of the Students’ Union to
?extend your welcome and
?provide some suggestions for their campus life here. You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.
Do not sign your name at the end of the letter. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)



Part B
[T]Directions：
　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing. In your essay you should
?describe the drawing briefly
?explain its intended meaning, and
?give your comments.
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)


	

2012年英语一真题答案

Section Ⅰ Use of  English

1.B        2.A       3.B       4.D       5.C       6.B       7.D       8.B      9.A      10.B

11.A     12.C     13.C     14.D     15.A     16.C     17.A     18.C     19.D     20.D 



SectionⅡ	Reading Comprehension

Part A
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
Text 1	21~25	　　D B A C D	Text 2	26~30	　　C D A D A
Text 3	31~35	　　A B B D C	Text 4	36~40	　　C D B C A


　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part B
　　　　　　　　　　　
41.C     42.D     43.A     44.F     45.G
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part C

46. 在物理学领域，一种做法把这种寻求大同理论的冲动推向极端，试图寻找包含一切的理论——一个涵括我们所看到的一切的生成性公式。

47. 这里，达尔文学说似乎做出了证明，因为如果人类有着共同的起源，那么似乎就有理由认为文化的多样性也可以追溯到更为有限的起源。

48. 从共有特征中滤出独有特征，这使我们得以理解复杂的文化行为是如何产生的，并从进化或认知角度理解什么引导了它的走向。

49. 第二次努力——由乔舒亚·格林堡做出——采用更为经验主义的方法来研究语言的普遍性，确定了多种语言（尤其在语法词序方面）的共有特征，这些特征被认为是代表了由认知限制产生的倾向。

50. 乔姆斯基的语法应该显示出语言变化的模式，这些模式并不受语言谱系或贯穿谱系路径的影响；而格林堡式的普遍性则预言了特定的语法词序关系类型之间所存在的紧密互依性。

Section III	Writing
51、52 略



绝密★启用前



2013 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


6.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
7.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
8.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
9.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
10.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

Section I	Use of  English

Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and  mark A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)



　　　People are, on the whole, poor at considering background information when making individual decisions.  At  first glance this might seem like a strength that
    1     the ability to make judgments which are unbiased by      2      factors. But Dr Uri Simonsohn speculated that an inability to consider the big     3     was leading decision-makers to be biased by the daily samples of information they were working with.     4     , he theorised that a judge     5     of appearing too soft     6      crime might be more likely to send someone to prison    7     he had already sentenced five or six other defendants only to forced community service on that day.
　　　To     8      this idea, he turned to the university-admissions process.  In  theory, the   9   of an applicant should not depend on the few others  10   randomly for interview during the same day, but Dr Simonsohn suspected the truth was    11   .
　　　He studied  the  results of  9,323  MBA interviews   12   by  31  admissions officers. The  interviewers had     13     applicants  on a scale  of one  to five. This scale      14      numerous factors into consideration. The scores were       15      used  in conjunction with an applicant’s score on the Graduate Management Admission Test, or GMAT,  a  standardised  exam which is    16    out  of 800  points, to make  a   decision on whether to accept him or her.
　　　Dr Simonsohn found if the score of the previous candidate in a daily series of interviewees was 0.75 points or more higher than that of the one    17     that, then   the score for the next applicant would   18   by an average of 0.075 points. This   might sound small, but to   19    the effects of such a decrease a candidate would   need 30 more GMAT points than would otherwise have been    20    .

1. [A] grants	[B] submits	[C] transmits	[D] delivers
2. [A] minor	[B] external	[C] crucial	[D] objective
3. [A] issue	[B] vision	[C] picture	[D] moment
4. [A] Above all	[B] On average	[C] In principle	[D] For example
5. [A] fond	[B] fearful	[C] capable	[D] thoughtless
6. [A] in	[B] for	[C] to	[D] on
7. [A] if	[B] until	[C] though	[D] unless
8. [A] test	[B] emphasize	[C] share	[D] promote
9. [A] decision	[B] quality	[C] status	[D] success
10. [A] found	[B] studied	[C] chosen	[D] identified
11. [A] otherwise	[B] defensible	[C] replaceable	[D] exceptional
12. [A] inspired	[B] expressed	[C] conducted	[D] secured
13. [A] assigned	[B] rated	[C] matched	[D] arranged
14. [A] put	[B] got	[C] took	[D] gave
15. [A] instead	[B] then	[C] ever	[D] rather
16. [A] selected	[B] passed	[C] marked	[D] introduced
17. [A] below	[B] after	[C] above	[D] before
18. [A] jump	[B] float	[C] fluctuate	[D] drop
19. [A] achieve	[B] undo	[C] maintain	[D] disregard
20. [A] necessary	[B] possible	[C] promising	[D] helpful




Section Ⅱ	Reading Comprehension


Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)

Text 1

　　　In the 2006 film version of The Devil Wears Prada, Miranda Priestly, played by Meryl Streep, scolds her unattractive assistant for imagining that high fashion doesn’t affect her. Priestly explains how the deep blue color of the assistant’s sweater descended over the years from fashion shows to department stores and to the bargain bin in which the poor girl doubtless found her garment.
　　　This top-down conception of the fashion business couldn’t be more out of date or at odds with the feverish world described in Overdressed, Elizabeth Cline’s three-year indictment of “fast fashion”. In the last decade or so, advances in technology have allowed mass-market labels such as Zara, H&M, and Uniqlo to react to trends more quickly and anticipate demand more precisely. Quicker turnarounds mean less wasted inventory, more frequent releases, and more profit. These labels encourage style-conscious consumers to see clothes as disposable – meant to last only a wash or two, although they don’t advertise that – and to renew their wardrobe every few weeks. By offering on-trend items at dirt-cheap prices, Cline argues, these brands have hijacked fashion cycles, shaking an industry long accustomed to a seasonal pace.
　　The victims of this revolution, of course, are not limited to designers. For H&M to offer a $5.95 knit miniskirt in all its 2,300-plus stores around the world, it must rely on low-wage overseas labor, order in volumes that strain natural resources, and use massive amounts of harmful chemicals.
　　　Overdressed is the fashion world’s answer to consumer-activist bestsellers like Michael Pollan’s The Omnivore’s Dilemma. “Mass-produced clothing, like fast food, fills a hunger and need, yet is non-durable and wasteful,” Cline argues. Americans, she finds, buy roughly 20 billion garments a year – about 64 items per person – and  no matter how much they give away, this excess leads to waste.
　　　Towards the end of Overdressed, Cline introduced her ideal, a Brooklyn woman named Sarah Kate Beaumont, who since 2008 has made all of her own clothes – and beautifully. But as Cline is the first to note, it took Beaumont decades to perfect her craft; her example can’t be knocked off.
　　　Though several fast-fashion companies have made efforts to curb their impact on labor and the environment –  including H&M, with its green Conscious Collection  line – Cline believes lasting change can only be effected by the customer. She exhibits the idealism common to many advocates of sustainability, be it in food or in energy. Vanity is a constant; people will only start shopping more sustainably when they can’t afford not to.


21.Priestly criticizes her assistant for her
?insensitivity to fashion.
?obsession with high fashion.
?poor bargaining skill.
?lack of imagination.

22.According to Cline, mass-market labels urge consumers to
?combat unnecessary waste.
?shop for their garments more frequently.
?resist the influence of advertisements.
?shut out the feverish fashion world.

23.The word “indictment” (Line 3, Para.2) is closest in meaning to
?tolerance.
?indifference.
?enthusiasm.
?accusation.

24.Which of the following can be inferred from the last paragraph?
?Vanity has more often been found in idealists.
?The fast-fashion industry ignores sustainability.
?Pricing is vital to environment-friendly purchasing.
?People are more interested in unaffordable garments.

25.What is the subject of the text?
?Satire on an extravagant lifestyle.
?Challenge to a high-fashion myth.
?Criticism of the fast-fashion industry.
?Exposure of a mass-market secret.








Text 2

　　　An old saying has it that half of all advertising budgets are wasted – the trouble is, no one knows which half. In the internet age, at least in theory, this fraction can be much reduced. By watching what people search for, click on and say online, companies can aim “behavioural” ads at those most likely to buy.
　　　In the past couple of weeks a quarrel has illustrated the value to advertisers of such fine-grained information: Should advertisers assume that people are happy to be tracked and sent behavioural ads? Or should they have explicit permission?
　　　In December 2010 America’s Federal Trade Commission (FTC) proposed adding a “do not track” (DNT) option to internet browsers, so that users could tell advertisers that they did not want to be followed. Microsoft’s Internet Explorer and Apple’s Safari both offer DNT; Google’s Chrome is due to do so this year. In February the FTC and the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) agreed that the industry would get cracking on responding to DNT requests.
　　　On May 31st Microsoft set off the row. It said that Internet Explorer 10, the version due to appear with Windows 8, would have DNT as a default.
　　　Advertisers are horrified. Human nature being what it is, most people stick with default settings. Few switch DNT on now, but if tracking is off it will stay off. Bob Liodice, the chief executive of the Association of National Advertisers, says consumers will be worse off if the industry cannot collect information about their preferences. People will not get fewer ads, he says. “They’ll get less meaningful, less targeted ads.”
　　　It is not yet clear how advertisers will respond. Getting a DNT signal does not oblige anyone to stop tracking, although some companies have promised to do so. Unable to tell whether someone really objects to behavioural ads or whether they are sticking with Microsoft’s default, some may ignore a DNT signal and press on anyway.
　　　Also unclear is why Microsoft has gone it alone. After all, it has an ad business too, which it says will comply with DNT requests, though it is still working out how. If it is trying to upset Google, which relies almost wholly on advertising, it has  chosen an indirect method: there is no guarantee that DNT by default will become the norm. DNT does not seem an obviously huge selling point for windows 8 – though  the firm has compared some of its other products favourably with Google’s on that count before. Brendon Lynch, Microsoft’s chief privacy officer, blogged: “We believe consumers should have more control.” Could it really be that simple?
　　　
26.It is suggested in Paragraph 1 that “behavioural” ads help advertisers to
?provide better online services.
?ease competition among themselves.
?avoid complaints from consumers.
?lower their operational costs.

27.“the industry” (Line 5, Para.3) refers to
?internet browser developers.
?digital information analysts.
?e-commerce conductors.
?online advertisers.

28.Bob Liodice holds that setting DNT as a default
?may cut the number of junk ads.
?fails to affect the ad industry.
?will not benefit consumers.
?goes against human nature.

29.Which of the following is true according to Paragraph 6?
?Advertisers are willing to implement DNT.
?DNT may not serve its intended purpose.
?DNT is losing its popularity among consumers.
?Advertisers are obliged to offer behavioural ads.

30.The author’s attitude towards what Brendon Lynch said in his blog is one of
?indulgence.
?understanding.
?appreciation.
?skepticism.









Text 3

　　　Up until a few decades ago, our visions of the future were largely – though by no means uniformly – glowingly positive. Science and technology would cure all the ills of humanity, leading to lives of fulfilment and opportunity for all.
　　　Now utopia has grown unfashionable, as we have gained a deeper appreciation  of the range of threats facing us, from asteroid strike to epidemic flu and to climate change. You might even be tempted to assume that humanity has little future to look forward to.
　　　But such gloominess is misplaced. The fossil record shows that many species have endured for millions of years – so why shouldn’t we? Take a broader look at our species’ place in the universe, and it becomes clear that we have an excellent chance of surviving for tens, if not hundreds, of thousands of years. Look up Homo sapiens  in the “Red List” of threatened species of the International Union for the  Conservation of Nature (IUCN) and you will read: “Listed as Least Concern as the species is very widely distributed, adaptable, currently increasing, and there are no major threats resulting in an overall population decline.”
　　　So what does our deep future hold? A growing number of researchers and organisations are now thinking seriously about that question. For example, the Long Now Foundation has as its flagship project a mechanical clock that is designed to still be marking time thousands of years hence.
　　　Perhaps willfully, it may be easier to think about such lengthy timescales than about the more immediate future. The potential evolution of today’s technology, and its social consequences, is dazzlingly complicated, and it’s perhaps best left to science fiction writers and futurologists to explore the many possibilities we can envisage. That’s one reason why we have launched Arc, a new publication dedicated to the near future.
　　　But take a longer view and there is a surprising amount that we can say with considerable assurance. As so often, the past holds the key to the future: we have now identified enough of the long-term patterns shaping the history of the planet, and our species, to make evidence-based forecasts about the situations in which our descendants will find themselves.
　　　This long perspective makes the pessimistic view of our prospects seem more likely to be a passing fad. To be sure, the future is not all rosy. But we are now knowledgeable enough to reduce many of the risks that threatened the existence of earlier humans, and to improve the lot of those to come.
　　　
31.Our vision of the future used to be inspired by
?our desire for lives of fulfillment.
?our faith in science and technology.
?our awareness of potential risks.
?our belief in equal opportunity.

32.The IUCN’s “Red List” suggests that human beings are
?a sustained species.
?the world’s dominant power.
?a threat to the environment.
?a misplaced race.

33.Which of the following is true according to Paragraph 5?
?The interest in science fiction is on the rise.
?Arc helps limit the scope of futurological studies.
?Technology offers solutions to social problems.
?Our immediate future is hard to conceive.

34.To ensure the future of mankind, it is crucial to
?adopt an optimistic view of the world.
?draw on our experience from the past.
?explore our planet’s abundant resources.
?curb our ambition to reshape history.

35.Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
?The Ever-bright Prospects of Mankind.
?Science, Technology and Humanity.
?Evolution of the Human Species.
?Uncertainty about Our Future.








Text 4

　　　On a five to three vote, the Supreme Court knocked out much of Arizona’s immigration law Monday – a modest policy victory for the Obama Administration. But on the more important matter of the Constitution, the decision was an 8-0 defeat for the Administration’s effort to upset the balance of power between the federal government and the states.
　　　In Arizona v. United States, the majority overturned three of the four contested provisions of Arizona’s controversial plan to have state and local police enforce federal immigration law. The Constitutional principles that Washington alone has the power to “establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization” and that federal laws precede state laws are noncontroversial. Arizona had attempted to fashion state policies that ran parallel to the existing federal ones.
　　　Justice Anthony Kennedy, joined by Chief Justice John Roberts and the Court’s liberals, ruled that the state flew too close to the federal sun. On the overturned provisions the majority held Congress had deliberately “occupied the field” and Arizona had thus intruded on the federal’s privileged powers.
　　　However, the Justices said that Arizona police would be allowed to verify the legal status of people who come in contact with law enforcement. That’s because Congress has always envisioned joint federal-state immigration enforcement and explicitly encourages state officers to share information and cooperate with federal colleagues.
　　　Two of the three objecting Justices – Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas – agreed with this Constitutional logic but disagreed about which Arizona rules conflicted with the federal statute. The only major objection came from Justice Antonin Scalia, who offered an even more robust defense of state privileges going back to the Alien and Sedition Acts.
　　　The 8-0 objection to President Obama turns on what Justice Samuel Alito describes in his objection as “a shocking assertion of federal executive power”. The White House argued that Arizona’s laws conflicted with its enforcement priorities, even if state laws complied with federal statutes to the letter. In effect, the White House claimed that it could invalidate any otherwise legitimate state law that it disagrees with.
　　　Some powers do belong exclusively to the federal government, and control of citizenship and the borders is among them. But if Congress wanted to prevent states from using their own resources to check immigration status, it could. It never did so. The Administration was in essence asserting that because it didn’t want to carry out Congress’s immigration wishes, no state should be allowed to do so either. Every Justice rightly rejected this remarkable claim.



36.Three provisions of Arizona’s plan were overturned because they
?disturbed the power balance between different states.
?overstepped the authority of federal immigration law.
?deprived the federal police of Constitutional powers.
?contradicted both the federal and state policies.

37.On which of the following did the Justices agree, according to Paragraph 4?
?Congress’s intervention in immigration enforcement.
?Federal officers’ duty to withhold immigrants’ information.
?States’ legitimate role in immigration enforcement.
?States’ independence from federal immigration law.

38.It can be inferred from Paragraph 5 that the Alien and Sedition Acts
?stood in favor of the states.
?supported the federal statute.
?undermined the states’ interests.
?violated the Constitution.

39.The White House claims that its power of enforcement
?is dependent on the states’ support.
?is established by federal statutes.
?outweighs that held by the states.
?rarely goes against state laws.

40.What can be learned from the last paragraph?
?Immigration issues are usually decided by Congress.
?The Administration is dominant over immigration issues.
?Justices wanted to strengthen its coordination with Congress.
?Justices intended to check the power of the Administration.
















Part B Directions:
In the following text, some sentences have been removed.  For  Questions  41-45 ,
choose the most suitable one from the list A-G to fit into each of the numbered blanks. There are two extra choices, which do not fit in any of the blanks. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

　　　The social sciences are flourishing. As of 2005, there were almost half a million professional social scientists from all fields in the world, working both inside and outside academia. According to the World Social Science Report 2010, the number of social-science students worldwide has swollen by about 11% every year since 2000.
　　　Yet this enormous resource is not contributing enough to today’s global challenges, including climate change, security, sustainable development and health. (41) 	Humanity has the necessary agro-technolo- gical tools to eradicate hunger, from genetically engineered crops to artificial fertilizers. Here, too, the problems are social: the organization and distribution of food, wealth and prosperity.
　　　(42)	This is a shame – the community should be grasping the opportunity to raise its influence in the real world. To paraphrase the great social scientist Joseph Schumpeter: there is no radical innovation without creative destruction.
　　　Today, the social sciences are largely focused on disciplinary problems and internal scholarly debates, rather than on topics with external impact. Analyses reveal that the number of papers including the keywords “environmental change” or “climate change” have increased rapidly since 2004. (43) 	  
　　　When social scientists do tackle practical issues, their scope is often local: Belgium is interested mainly in the effects of poverty on Belgium, for example. And whether the community’s work contributes much to an overall accumulation of
knowledge is doubtful.
The problem is not necessarily the amount of available funding. (44) 	  
　_____________________   This is an adequate amount so long as it is aimed in  the right direction. Social scientists who complain about a lack of funding should not expect more in today’s economic climate.
　　　
　　　The trick is to direct these funds better. The European Union Framework funding programs have long had a category specifically targeted at social scientists. This year, it was proposed that the system be changed: Horizon 2020, a new program to be enacted in 2014, would not have such a category. This has resulted in protests from social scientists. But the intention is not to neglect social science; rather, the complete
opposite.   (45)	That	should    create  more
collaborative endeavors and help to develop projects aimed directly at solving global problems.

41.The idea is to force social scientists to integrate their  work  with  other categories, including health and demographic change; food security; marine research and the bio-economy; clean, efficient energy; and inclusive, innovative and secure societies.
42.The solution is to change the mindset of the academic community, and what it considers to be its main goal. Global challenges and social innovation ought to receive much more attention from scientists, especially the young ones.
43.It could be that we are evolving  two communities of  social scientists: one that  is discipline-oriented and publishing in highly specialized journals, and one that is problem-oriented and publishing elsewhere, such as policy briefs.
44.However, the numbers are still small: in 2010, about 1,600 of the 100,000 social-sciences papers published globally included one of these keywords.
45.These issues all have root causes in human behavior: all require behavioral change and social innovations, as well  as  technological  development. Stemming climate change, for example, is as much about changing consumption patterns and promoting tax acceptance as it is about developing clean energy.
46.Despite these factors, many social scientists seem reluctant to tackle such problems. And in Europe, some are up in arms over a proposal to drop  a  specific funding category for social-science research and to integrate it within cross-cutting topics of sustainable development.
47.During the late 1990s, national spending on social sciences and the humanities   as a percentage of all research and development funds – including government, higher education, non-profit and corporate – varied from around 4% to 25%;      in most European nations, it is about 15%.

Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

　　　It is speculated that gardens arise from a basic human need in the individuals who made them: the need for creative expression. There is no doubt that gardens evidence an irrepressible urge to create, express, fashion, and beautify and that self-expression is a basic human urge; (46) yet when one looks at the photographs of the gardens created by the homeless, it strikes one that, for all their diversity of styles, these gardens speak of various other fundamental urges, beyond that of decoration  and creative expression.
　　　One of these urges has to do with creating a state of peace in the midst of turbulence, a “still point of the turning world,” to borrow a phrase from T. S. Eliot.
(47) A sacred place of peace, however crude it may be, is a distinctly human need, as opposed to shelter, which is a distinctly animal need. This distinction is so much so that where the latter is lacking, as it is for these unlikely gardeners, the former becomes all the more urgent. Composure is a state of mind made possible by the structuring of one’s relation to one’s environment. (48) The gardens of the homeless, which are in effect homeless gardens, introduce form into an urban environment where it either didn’t exist or was not discernible as such. In so doing they give composure to a segment of the inarticulate environment in which they take their  stand.
　　　Another urge or need that these gardens appear to respond to, or to arise from, is so intrinsic that we are barely ever conscious of its abiding claims on us. When we are deprived of green, of plants, of trees, (49) most of us give in to a demoralization of spirit which we usually blame on some psychological conditions, until one day we find ourselves in a garden and feel the oppression vanish as if by magic. In most of  the homeless gardens of New York City the actual cultivation of plants is unfeasible, yet even so the compositions often seem to represent attempts to call forth the spirit  of plant and animal life, if only symbolically, through a clumplike arrangement of materials, an introduction of colors, small pools of water, and a frequent presence of petals or leaves as well as of stuffed animals. On display here are various fantasy elements whose reference, at some basic level, seems to be the natural world. (50) It  is this implicit or explicit reference to nature that fully justifies the use of the word garden, though in a “liberated” sense, to describe these synthetic constructions. In them we can see biophilia – a yearning for contact with nonhuman life – assuming uncanny representational forms.







Section Ⅲ	Writing
Part A
H.Directions:
　　　Write an e-mail of about 100 words to a foreign teacher in your college, inviting him/her to be a judge for the upcoming English speech contest.
You should include the details you think necessary. You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the e-mail. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)



Part B
I.Directions:
　　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing. In your essay, you should
?describe the drawing briefly,
?interpret its intended meaning, and
?give your comments.
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)

                      




2013年英语一真题答案

Section Ⅰ Use of  English

1.A        2.B       3.C       4.D       5.B       6.B       7.A       8.A      9.D      10.C

11.A     12.C     13.B     14.C     15.B     16.C     17.D     18.D     19.B     20.A 



SectionⅡ	Reading Comprehension

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part A
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
Text 1	21~25	　　A B D C C	Text 2	26~30	　　D A C B D
Text 3	31~35	　　B A D B A	Text 4	36~40	　　B C A C D
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　

　　　　　　　　　                                  Part B 
　　　　　　　　　　　
41.E     42.F     43.D     44.G     45.A
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part C 
46. 然而，只要看看无家可归者创造的花园的照片，你就会意识到尽管样式各异，但这些花园除了表达（人类）装饰和创造的欲望之外，更体现了人类其他根本的强烈愿望。

47. 安宁的圣地（体现的）是人类特有的需要，无论怎样疏于雕琢，它仍与遮风挡雨之所不同，后者（反映的）是动物特有的需要。

48. 这种无家可归者的花园实质上是无定所的花园，它们把“形式”引入城市环境，而城市不境中原本要么没有这种“形式”，要么并没有把它当成“形式”看待。

49. 我们大多数人通常把陷入精神颓丧归咎于某些心理疾病，直到有一天置身花园，才顿觉压抑感神奇地消失了。

50. 虽然有“扩大词义外延”的意味，但正是这种对大自然或隐晦或明晰的参照让用“花园”一词来描述这些人造组合有了充分的根据。

Section III	Writing
51、52 略




绝密★启用前



2014 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


26.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
27.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
28.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
29.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
30.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

Section I	Use of  English

Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and  mark A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

　　　As many people hit middle age, they often start to notice that their memory and mental clarity are not what they used to be.  We suddenly can’t  remember
    1     we put the keys  just a moment  ago,  or an old acquaintance’s name, or the  name of an old band we used to love. As the brain     2     ,  we  refer  to  these occurrences as “senior moments.”  3    seemingly  innocent, this loss of mental   focus can potentially have  a(n)   4    impact  on  our  professional,  social,  and personal      5      .
　　　Neuroscientists, experts who study the nervous system, are increasingly showing that there’s actually a lot that can be  done. It   6     out that the brain  needs exercise in  much the  same way our  muscles do, and the  right  mental
    7     can significantly improve our basic cognitive     8   . Thinking is essentially a     9     of making connections in the brain. To a certain extent, our ability to       10    in  making  the  connections  that drive  intelligence is  inherited.
    11   , because these connections are made through effort and practice, scientists  believe   that  intelligence  can  expand   and  fluctuate    12     mental   effort.
　　　Now,  a  new Web-based company  has  taken  it  a   step    13     and developed the first “brain training program” designed to actually help people improve and regain their mental    14    .
　　　The  Web-based   program   15   you  to  systematically  improve  your   memory and attention skills.  The  program  keeps   16    of  your  progress  and provides detailed feedback 17   your performance and improvement. Most importantly, it      18      modifies and enhances the games you play to      19      on   the  strengths  you  are  developing  –  much  like  a(n)   20   exercise  routine  requires you to increase resistance and vary your muscle use.

		
91.[A] that
92.[A] fades	[B] when
[B] improves	[C] why
[C] collapses	[D] where
[D] recovers
3. [A] Unless	[B] While	[C] Once	[D] If
4. [A] damaging	[B] limited	[C] uneven	[D] obscure
5. [A] relationship	[B] environment	[C] wellbeing	[D] outlook
6. [A] figures	[B] finds	[C] points	[D] turns
7. [A] responses	[B] associations	[C] workouts	[D] roundabouts
8. [A] genre	[B] criterion	[C] circumstances	[D] functions
9. [A] channel	[B] process	[C] condition	[D] sequence
10. [A] persist	[B] feature	[C] excel	[D] believe
11. [A] However	[B] Moreover	[C] Otherwise	[D] Therefore
12. [A] according to	[B] regardless of	[C] apart from	[D] instead of
13. [A] back	[B] further	[C] aside	[D] around
14. [A] framework	[B] stability	[C] flexibility	[D] sharpness
15. [A] hurries	[B] reminds	[C] allows	[D] forces
16. [A] order	[B] track	[C] pace	[D] hold
17. [A] on	[B] to	[C] for	[D] with
18. [A] habitually	[B] constantly	[C] irregularly	[D] unusually
19. [A] carry	[B] put	[C] build	[D] take
20. [A] idle	[B] risky	[C] familiar	[D] effective



Section Ⅱ	Reading Comprehension

Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)





Text 1

　　　In order to “change lives for the better” and reduce “dependency”, George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, introduced the “upfront work search”  scheme. Only if the jobless arrive  at the jobcentre with a CV,  register for online job search, and start looking for work will they be eligible for benefit –  and then they should report weekly rather than  fortnightly.  What  could  be  more  reasonable?
　　　More apparent reasonableness followed. There will now be a seven-day wait   for the jobseeker’s allowance. “Those first few days should be spent looking for work, not looking to sign on,” he claimed. “We’re doing these things because we know they help people stay off benefits and help those on benefits get into work faster.” Help? Really? On first hearing, this was the socially concerned chancellor, trying to change lives for the better, complete with “reforms” to an obviously indulgent system that demands too little effort from the newly unemployed to find work, and subsidises laziness. What motivated him,  we  were to understand, was his zeal for “fundamental fairness” – protecting the taxpayer, controlling spending and ensuring that only the most deserving claimants received their benefits.
　　　Losing a job is hurting: you don’t skip down to the jobcentre with a song in  your heart, delighted at the prospect of doubling your income from the generous state. It is financially terrifying, psychologically embarrassing and you know that support is minimal and extraordinarily hard to get. You  are  now not  wanted;  you are now excluded from the work environment that offers purpose and structure in your life. Worse, the crucial income to feed yourself and your family and pay the  bills has disappeared. Ask anyone newly unemployed what they want and  the  answer is always: a job.
　　　But in Osborneland, your first instinct is to fall into dependency – permanent dependency if you can get it – supported by a state only too ready to indulge your falsehood. It is as though 20 years of ever-tougher reforms of the job search and benefit administration system never happened. The principle of  British  welfare  is no longer that you can insure yourself against the risk of unemployment and  receive unconditional payments if the disaster happens. Even the very phrase “jobseeker’s allowance” is about redefining the unemployed as a “jobseeker” who had no fundamental right to a benefit he or  she  has  earned  through  making national insurance contributions. Instead, the claimant receives a time-limited “allowance,” conditional on actively seeking a job; no  entitlement  and  no insurance, at ￡71.70 a week, one of the least generous in the EU.






82.George Osborne’s scheme was intended to
[A]encourage jobseekers’ active engagement in job seeking.
[B]provide the unemployed with easier access to benefits.
[C]guarantee jobseekers’ legitimate right to benefits.
[D]motivate the unemployed to report voluntarily.

83.The phrase “to sign on” (Line 3, Para. 2) most probably means
[A]to check on the availability of jobs at the jobcentre.
[B]to accept the government’s restrictions on the allowance.
[C]to register for an allowance from the government.
[D]to attend a governmental job-training program.

84.What prompted the chancellor to develop his scheme?
[A]A desire to secure a better life for all.
[B]An eagerness to protect the unemployed.
[C]An urge to be generous to the claimants.
[D]A passion to ensure fairness for taxpayers.

85.According to Paragraph 3, being unemployed makes one feel
[A]uneasy.
[B]insulted.
[C]enraged.
[D]guilty.

86.To which of the following would the author most probably agree?
[A]Unemployment benefits should not be made conditional.
[B]The British welfare system indulges jobseekers’ laziness.
[C]The jobseekers’ allowance has met their actual needs.
[D]Osborne’s reforms will reduce the risk of unemployment.















Text 2

　　　All around the world,  lawyers  generate more hostility  than the members  of  any other profession – with the possible exception of journalism. But there are few places where clients have more grounds for complaint than America.
　　　During the decade before the economic crisis, spending on legal services in America grew twice as fast as inflation. The best lawyers made skyscrapers-full of money, tempting ever more students to pile into law schools. But most law  graduates never get a big-firm job. Many of them instead become the kind of nuisance-lawsuit filer that makes the tort system a costly nightmare.
　　　There are many reasons for this. One is the excessive costs of a legal education. There is just one path for a lawyer in most American states: a four-year undergraduate degree in some unrelated  subject,  then  a three-year law degree  at  one of 200 law schools authorized by the American Bar Association and an  expensive preparation for the bar exam. This leaves today’s average law-school graduate with $100,000 of debt on top of undergraduate debts. Law-school debt means that they have to work fearsomely hard.
　　　Reforming the system would help both lawyers and their customers. Sensible ideas have been around for a long time, but the state-level bodies that govern the profession have been too conservative to implement them. One idea is to allow people to study law as an undergraduate degree. Another is to let students sit for  the bar after only two years of law school. If the bar exam is truly a stern  enough  test for a would-be lawyer, those who can sit it earlier should be allowed to do so. Students who do not need the extra training could cut their  debt  mountain  by a  third.
　　　The other reason why costs are so high is the restrictive guild-like ownership structure of the business. Except in the District of Columbia, non-lawyers may not own any share of a law firm. This keeps fees high and innovation slow. There is pressure for change from  within  the profession, but opponents  of change among  the regulators insist that keeping outsiders out of a law firm isolates lawyers  from  the pressure to make money rather than serve clients ethically.
　　　In fact, allowing non-lawyers to own shares in law firms would reduce costs   and improve  services to customers,  by encouraging law firms to use technology  and to employ professional managers to focus on  improving  firms’ efficiency.  After all, other countries, such as Australia and Britain, have  started  liberalizing their legal professions. America should follow.


87.A lot of students take up law as their profession due to
[A]the growing demand from clients.
[B]the increasing pressure of inflation.
[C]the prospect of working in big firms.
[D]the attraction of financial rewards.

88.Which of the following adds to the costs of legal education in most American states?
[A]Higher tuition fees for undergraduate studies.
[B]Receiving training by professional associations.
[C]Admissions approval from the bar association.
[D]Pursuing a bachelor’s degree in another major.

89.Hindrance to the reform of the legal system originates from
[A]the rigid bodies governing the profession.
[B]lawyers’ and clients’ strong resistance.
[C]the stern exam for would-be lawyers.
[D]non-professionals’ sharp criticism.

90.The guild-like ownership structure is considered “restrictive” partly because it
[A]prevents lawyers from gaining due profits.
[B]bans outsiders’ involvement in the profession.
[C]aggravates the ethical situation in the trade.
[D]keeps lawyers from holding law-firm shares.

91.In this text, the author mainly discusses
[A]the factors that help make a successful lawyer in America.
[B]a problem in America’s legal profession and solutions to it.
[C]the role of undergraduate studies in America’s legal education.
[D]flawed ownership of America’s law firms and its causes.















Text 3

　　　The US$3-million Fundamental Physics Prize is indeed an interesting experiment, as Alexander Polyakov said when he accepted this year’s award in March. And it is far from the only one of its type. As a News Feature article in  Nature discusses, a string of lucrative awards for researchers have joined the Nobel Prizes in recent years. Many, like the  Fundamental  Physics Prize, are  funded from the telephone-number-sized bank accounts of Internet entrepreneurs.These benefactors  have  succeeded  in their  chosen fields,  they say, and they want  to use their wealth to draw attention to those who have succeeded in science.
　　　What’s not to like? Quite a lot, according to a handful of scientists quoted  in  the News Feature. You cannot buy class, as the old saying goes, and these upstart entrepreneurs cannot buy their prizes  the prestige of the Nobels. The new awards   are an exercise in self-promotion for those behind them, say scientists. They could distort the achievement-based system of peer-review-led research. They could cement the status quo of peer-reviewed research. They do not fund peer-reviewed research. They perpetuate the myth of the lone genius.
　　　The goals of the prize-givers seem as scattered as the criticism. Some want to shock, others to draw people into science, or to  better  reward  those  who  have  made their careers in research.
　　　As Nature has pointed out before, there  are some legitimate  concerns about  how science prizes  – both  new  and  old  – are distributed. The Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences, launched this year, takes an  unrepresentative  view  of  what  the life sciences include. But the Nobel Foundation’s limit  of  three  recipients  per  prize, each of whom must still be living, has long been outgrown by  the  collaborative nature of modern research – as  will  be  demonstrated  by  the inevitable row over who is ignored  when it comes to acknowledging the discovery  of the Higgs boson. The Nobels were, of course, themselves set up by a very rich individual who had decided what he wanted to do with  his  own  money.  Time, rather than intention, has given them legitimacy.
　　　As much as some scientists may complain about the new awards, two things seem clear. First, most researchers would accept such a prize if they were offered one. Second, it is surely a good thing that the money and attention come to science rather than go elsewhere. It is fair to criticize and question the mechanism– that is the culture of research, after all – but it is the prize-givers’ money to do with as they please. It is wise to take such gifts with gratitude and grace.




92.The Fundamental Physics Prize is seen as
[A]a symbol of the entrepreneurs’ wealth.
[B]a handsome reward for researchers.
[C]a possible replacement of the Nobel Prizes.
[D]an example of bankers’ investments.

93.The critics think that the new awards will most benefit
[A]the profit-oriented scientists.
[B]the achievement-based system.
[C]the founders of the new awards.
[D]peer-review-led research.

94.The discovery of the Higgs boson is a typical case which involves
[A]legitimate concerns over the new prizes.
[B]controversies over the recipients’ status.
[C]the joint effort of modern researchers.
[D]the demonstration of research findings.

95.According to Paragraph 4, which of the following is true of the Nobels?
[A]History has never cast doubt on them.
[B]Their endurance has done justice to them.
[C]They are the most representative honor.
[D]Their legitimacy has long been in dispute.

96.The author believes that the new awards are
[A]unworthy of public attention.
[B]subject to undesirable changes.
[C]harmful to the culture of research.
[D]acceptable despite the criticism.

















Text 4

　　　“The Heart of the Matter,” the just-released report  by the American Academy  of Arts and Sciences (AAAS), deserves praise for affirming the importance of the humanities and social sciences to the prosperity and security of liberal democracy     in America. Regrettably, however, the report’s failure to address the true nature of  the crisis facing liberal education may cause more harm than good.
　　　In 2010, leading congressional Democrats and Republicans sent letters to the AAAS asking that it identify actions that could be taken by “federal, state and local governments, universities, foundations, educators, individual benefactors and others” to “maintain national excellence in  humanities  and  social  scientific  scholarship  and education.” In response, the American Academy formed  the  Commission  on the Humanities and Social Sciences. Among the commission’s 51 members are top-tier-university presidents, scholars, lawyers,  judges,  and  business  executives,  as well as prominent figures from diplomacy, filmmaking, music and journalism.
　　　The goals identified in the report are generally admirable. Because representative government presupposes an informed citizenry, the report supports  full literacy; stresses the study of history and government, particularly American history and American government; and encourages the use of new digital technologies. To encourage innovation and competition, the  report  calls  for increased investment in research, the crafting of coherent curricula that improve students’ ability to solve problems and communicate  effectively  in  the  21st century, increased funding for teachers and the encouragement of scholars to bring their learning to bear on the great challenges of the day. The report also advocates greater study of foreign languages, international affairs and the expansion of study abroad programs.
　　　Unfortunately, despite 21/2 years in the making, “The Heart  of  the  Matter” never gets to the heart of the matter: the illiberal nature of liberal education at our leading colleges and universities. The commission ignores that for several decades America’s colleges and universities have produced graduates who don’t know the content and character of liberal education and are thus deprived of  its  benefits. Sadly, the spirit  of inquiry  once at home  on campus has been replaced  by the use   of the humanities and social sciences as vehicles for publicizing “progressive,” or left-liberal propaganda.
　　　Today, professors routinely treat the progressive interpretation of history and progressive public policy as the proper subject of study while portraying conservative or classical liberal ideas – such as free markets and self-reliance –  as  falling outside the boundaries of routine, and sometimes legitimate, intellectual investigation. 
　　　The AAAS displays great enthusiasm for liberal education. Yet its report may well  set back reform by obscuring the depth and breadth of the challenge that Congress asked it to illuminate.




97.According to Paragraph 1, what is the author’s attitude toward the AAAS’s report?
[A]Critical.
[B]Appreciative.
[C]Contemptuous.
[D]Tolerant.

98.Influential figures in the Congress required that the AAAS report on how to
[A]define the government’s role in education.
[B]safeguard individuals’ rights to education.
[C]retain people’s interest in liberal education.
[D]keep a leading position in liberal education.

99.According to Paragraph 3, the report suggests
[A]an exclusive study of American history.
[B]a greater emphasis on theoretical subjects.
[C]the application of emerging technologies.
[D]funding for the study of foreign languages.

100.The author implies in Paragraph 5 that professors are
[A]supportive of free markets.
[B]conservative about public policy.
[C]biased against classical liberal ideas.
[D]cautious about intellectual investigation.

101.Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
[A]Ways to Grasp “The Heart of the Matter”
[B]Illiberal Education and “The Heart of the Matter”
[C]The AAAS’s Contribution to Liberal Education
[D]Progressive Policy vs. Liberal Education













Part B Directions:
The following paragraphs are given  in a  wrong  order. For  Questions 41-45,  you  are required to reorganize these paragraphs into a  coherent text by  choosing from  the list A-G and filling them into the numbered boxes.  Paragraphs A and  E have been correctly placed. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

[U]Some archaeological sites have always been  easily observable – for example,  the Parthenon in Athens, Greece; the pyramids of Giza in Egypt; and the megaliths of Stonehenge in  southern England.  But  these  sites  are  exceptions to the norm. Most archaeological sites have been located by means of careful searching, while many others have been discovered by accident. Olduvai Gorge, an early hominid site in Tanzania, was found by a butterfly hunter who literally fell into its deep valley in 1911. Thousands of Aztec artifacts came to light  during the digging of the Mexico City subway in the 1970s.

[V]In another case, American archaeologists René Million and George  Cowgill spent years systematically mapping the  entire  city  of  Teotihuacán  in  the Valley of Mexico near what is now Mexico City. At its peak  around AD  600, this city was one of the largest human  settlements  in  the  world.  The researchers mapped not only the city’s  vast  and ornate ceremonial areas, but  also hundreds of simpler apartment complexes where common people lived.

[W]How do archaeologists know where to find  what they are looking for  when  there is nothing visible on  the surface of  the ground? Typically,  they  survey  and sample (make test excavations on) large areas of  terrain  to  determine  where excavation will yield useful information. Surveys and test samples have also become important for understanding the larger landscapes that contain archaeological sites.

[X]Surveys can cover a single large settlement or entire landscapes. In one case, many researchers working around the ancient Maya city of Copán, Honduras, have located hundreds of small rural villages  and  individual  dwellings  by  using aerial photographs and by making surveys on foot. The resulting  settlement maps show how the distribution and density of the rural population around the city changed dramatically between AD 500 and 850, when Copán collapsed.





[Y]To find their sites, archaeologists today rely heavily on systematic survey methods and a variety of high-technology tools and techniques. Airborne technologies, such as different types of radar and photographic equipment  carried by airplanes or spacecraft, allow  archaeologists  to  learn  about  what  lies beneath the ground  without  digging. Aerial  surveys  locate  general  areas of interest or larger buried features, such as ancient buildings or fields.

[Z]Most archaeological sites, however, are  discovered  by  archaeologists  who  have set out to look for them. Such searches can take  years.  British archaeologist Howard Carter knew that the tomb of the Egyptian pharaoh Tutankhamun existed from information found in other sites. Carter  sifted  through rubble in the Valley of the  Kings  for  seven  years before  he  located  the tomb in 1922. In the late 1800s British archaeologist Sir Arthur Evans combed antique dealers’ stores in Athens, Greece. He was searching for tiny engraved seals attributed to the ancient Mycenaean culture that dominated  Greece from the 1400s to 1200s BC.  Evans’s  interpretations  of  these engravings eventually led him to find the Minoan palace at Knossos (Knosós),  on the island of Crete, in 1900.

[AA]Ground surveys allow archaeologists to pinpoint the places where digs will be successful. Most ground surveys involve a lot of walking, looking for surface clues such as small fragments of pottery. They often  include a  certain amount  of digging to test for buried materials at selected points across a landscape. Archaeologists also may locate buried remains by using such technologies as ground radar, magnetic-field recording, and metal detectors. Archaeologists commonly use computers to map sites and the  landscapes around  sites. Two-  and three-dimensional maps are helpful tools in planning excavations,  illustrating how sites look, and presenting  the  results  of  archaeological research.





→	→	→	→	→	→







Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments  into
Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

　　　Music means different things to  different  people  and  sometimes  even  different things to the same person at different moments of his life. It might be  poetic, philosophical, sensual, or mathematical, but in any case it must, in my view, have something to do with the soul of the human being. Hence it is metaphysical; but the means of expression is purely and exclusively  physical:  sound. I believe it is precisely  this  permanent  coexistence  of  metaphysical message through physical means that is the strength of music. (46) It is also the reason why when we try to describe music with words,  all we can do is  articulate  our reactions to it, and not grasp music itself.
　　　Beethoven’s importance in music has been principally defined by the revolutionary nature of his compositions. He freed music from hitherto prevailing conventions of harmony and structure. Sometimes I feel in his late works a will to break all signs  of continuity. The music is abrupt  and  seemingly  disconnected, as  in the last piano sonata. In musical expression, he did not feel restrained by the weight of convention. (47) By all accounts he was a freethinking person, and a courageous one, and I find courage an essential quality for the understanding, let alone the performance, of his works.
　　　This courageous attitude in fact becomes a requirement for the performers of Beethoven’s music. His compositions demand the performer to show courage, for example in the use of dynamics. (48) Beethoven’s habit of increasing the  volume with an extreme intensity and then abruptly following  it  with  a  sudden  soft  passage was only rarely used by composers before him.
　　　Beethoven was a deeply political man in the broadest sense of the word.  He  was not interested in daily politics, but  concerned  with  questions  of  moral  behavior and the larger questions of right and wrong affecting the entire society.
(49) Especially significant was his view of freedom,  which,  for  him,  was associated with the rights and responsibilities of the individual: he advocated freedom of thought and of personal expression.
　　　Beethoven’s music tends to move from chaos to order as if order were an imperative of human existence. For him, order does not result from forgetting or ignoring the disorders that plague our existence; order is a necessary development, an improvement that may lead to the Greek ideal of spiritual elevation. It is not by chance that the Funeral  March is not the last movement of the Eroica  Symphony,  but the second, so that suffering does not have the last word. (50) One  could  interpret much of the work of Beethoven by saying that suffering is inevitable, but the courage to fight it renders life worth living.






Section Ⅲ	Writing

Part A
62.Directions:
　　　Write a letter of about 100 words to the president  of  your  university,  suggesting how to improve students’ physical condition.
You should include the details you think necessary. You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)

Part B
63.Directions:
　　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing.  In  your essay, you should
?describe the drawing briefly,
?interpret its intended meaning, and
?give your comments.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)

       



2014年英语一真题答案

Section Ⅰ Use of  English

1.D        2.A       3.B       4.A       5.C       6.D       7.C       8.D      9.B      10.C

11.A     12.A     13.B     14.D     15.C     16.B     17.A     18.B     19.C     20.D 



SectionⅡ	Reading Comprehension

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part A
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
Text 1	21~25	　　A C D A A	Text 2	26~30	　　D D A B B
Text 3	31~35	　　B C C B D	Text 4	36~40	　　A D C C B
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　                                  Part B 
　　　　　　　　　　　
41.C     42.F     43.G     44.D     45.B
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part C 
46. 这也解释了为什么当我们试图用语言去描述音乐的时候，充其量只能是说清楚自己的感受，而无法抓住音乐本身。

47.  总而言之，他是一个思想不受束缚的人，而且是一个富有勇气的人。我认为勇气是理解——更是演奏——其作品不可或缺的品格。

48. 贝多芬惯以超凡的力度加大音响，随后突然进入一个意想不到的柔和乐段，这种手法在前人的作品中极为罕见。

49. 尤具深意的是他的自由观，在他看来自由关系到个人的权利和责任：他主张思想和个人表达的自由。

50.  苦难是不可避免的，但与之抗争的勇气正是生活的意义所在。对贝多芬的诸多作品，我们都可做此解读。

Section III	Writing
51、52 略




绝密★启用前



2015 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


31.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
32.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
33.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
34.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
35.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

Section I	Use of  English


Directions:

Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)



　　Though not biologically related, friends are as “related” as fourth cousins, sharing about 1% of genes. That is     1      a study, published from the University   of California and Yale University in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, has    2    .
　　The study is a genome-wide analysis conducted   3    1,932 unique subjects which   4    pairs of unrelated friends and unrelated strangers. The same  people  were used in both    5   .
　　While 1% may seem   6   , it is not so to a geneticist. As James Fowler, professor of medical genetics at UC San Diego, says, “Most people do not even
　 	7	their fourth cousins but somehow manage to select as friends the people who   8 	our kin.”
　　The study   9    found  that the genes  for  smell  were something  shared in friends but not genes for immunity. Why this similarity exists in smell genes is difficult to explain, for now.  10  , as the team suggests, it draws us to similar environments but there  is more   11   it. There could  be many mechanisms   working together that  12    us in choosing genetically similar friends  13       “functional kinship” of being friends with    14   !
　　One of the remarkable findings of  the study was that the similar genes seem   to be evolving    15    than other genes. Studying this could help    16     why   human evolution picked pace in the last 30,000 years, with social environment  being a major   17     factor.
　　The findings  do not simply explain people’s    18    to befriend those of   similar   19     backgrounds, say the researchers. Though all the subjects were    drawn from a population  of  European  extraction, care was taken  to     20     that all subjects, friends and strangers, were taken from the same population.

93.[A] when
94.[A] defended	[B] why
[B] concluded	[C] how
[C] withdrawn	[D] what
[D] advised
3. [A] for	[B] with	[C] on	[D] by
4. [A] compared	[B] sought	[C] separated	[D] connected
5. [A] tests	[B] objects	[C] samples	[D] examples
6. [A] insignificant	[B] unexpected	[C] unreliable	[D] incredible
7. [A] visit	[B] miss	[C] seek	[D] know
8. [A] resemble	[B] influence	[C] favor	[D] surpass
9. [A] again	[B] also	[C] instead	[D] thus
10. [A] Meanwhile	[B] Furthermore	[C] Likewise	[D] Perhaps
11. [A] about	[B] to	[C] from	[D] like
12. [A] drive	[B] observe	[C] confuse	[D] limit
13. [A] according to	[B] rather than	[C] regardless of	[D] along with
14. [A] chances	[B] responses	[C] missions	[D] benefits
15. [A] later	[B] slower	[C] faster	[D] earlier
16. [A] forecast	[B] remember	[C] understand	[D] express
17. [A] unpredictable	[B] contributory	[C] controllable	[D] disruptive
18. [A] endeavor	[B] decision	[C] arrangement	[D] tendency
19. [A] political	[B] religious	[C] ethnic	[D] economic
20. [A] see	[B] show	[C] prove	[D] tell




Section II	Reading Comprehension


Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)

Text 1

　　King Juan Carlos of Spain once insisted “kings  don’t abdicate,  they die in  their sleep.” But embarrassing scandals and the popularity of the republican left in the recent Euro-elections have forced him to eat his words and stand down.  So, does the Spanish crisis suggest that monarchy is seeing its last days? Does that  mean the writing is on the wall for all European royals, with their magnificent uniforms and majestic lifestyles?
　　The Spanish case provides arguments both for and against monarchy. When public opinion is particularly polarised, as it was following the end of the Franco regime, monarchs can rise above “mere” politics and “embody” a  spirit  of  national unity.
　　It is this apparent transcendence of politics that explains  monarchs’  continuing popularity as heads of state. And so, the Middle East excepted, Europe  is the most monarch-infested region in the world, with 10 kingdoms (not counting Vatican city and Andorra). But unlike their absolutist counterparts in the Gulf and Asia, most royal families have survived because they allow voters to avoid the difficult search for a non-controversial but respected public figure.
　　Even so, kings and queens undoubtedly have a downside. Symbolic  of  national unity as they claim to be, their very history – and sometimes the way they behave today – embodies outdated and indefensible privileges and inequalities. At a time when Thomas Piketty and other economists are warning of rising inequality and the increasing power of inherited wealth, it is bizarre that wealthy aristocratic families should still be the symbolic heart of modern democratic states.
　　The most successful monarchies strive to abandon or hide  their  old aristocratic ways. Princes and princesses have day-jobs and ride bicycles, not horses (or helicopters). Even so, these are wealthy families who party with the international 1%, and media intrusiveness makes it increasingly difficult to maintain the right image.
　　　While Europe’s monarchies will no doubt be smart enough to survive for some time to come, it is the British royals who have most to fear from the Spanish example. 
　　　It is only the Queen who has preserved the monarchy’s reputation with her rather ordinary (if well-heeled) granny style. The danger will come with Charles, who has both an expensive taste of lifestyle and a pretty hierarchical view of the world. He has failed to understand that monarchies have largely survived because they provide a service –as non-controversial and non-political heads of state. Charles ought to know that as English history shows, it is kings, not  republicans,
who are the monarchy’s worst enemies.

102.According to the first two paragraphs, King Juan Carl of Spain
[A]eased his relationship with his rivals.
[B]used to enjoy high public support.
[C]was unpopular among European royals.
[D]ended his reign in embarrassment.

103.Monarchs are kept as heads of state in Europe mostly
[A]to give voters more public figures to look up to.
[B]to achieve a balance between tradition and reality.
[C]owing to their undoubted and respectable status.
[D]due to their everlasting political embodiment.

104.Which of the following is shown to be odd, according to Paragraph 4?
[A]Aristocrats’ excessive reliance on inherited wealth.
[B]The role of the nobility in modern democracies.
[C]The simple lifestyle of the aristocratic families.
[D]The nobility’s adherence to their privileges.

105.The British royals “have most to fear” because Charles
[A]fails to adapt himself to his future role.
[B]fails to change his lifestyle as advised.
[C]takes republicans as his potential allies.
[D]takes a tough line on political issues.

106.Which of the following is the best title of the text?
[A]Carlos, Glory and Disgrace Combined
[B]Charles, Anxious to Succeed to the Throne
[C]Carlos, a Lesson for All European Monarchs
[D]Charles, Slow to React to the Coming Threats










Text 2

　　Just how much does the Constitution protect your digital data? The Supreme Court will now consider whether police can search the contents of a mobile phone without a warrant if the phone is on or around a person during an arrest.
　　California has asked the justices to refrain from a  sweeping  ruling, particularly one that upsets the old assumption that authorities may search through the possessions of suspects at the time of their arrest. It  is hard,  the state argues,  for judges to assess the implications of new and rapidly changing technologies.
　　The court would be recklessly modest if it followed California’s advice. Enough of the implications are discernable, even obvious, so that the justices can and should provide updated guidelines to police, lawyers and defendants.
　　They should start by discarding California’s lame argument that exploring the contents of a smartphone – a vast storehouse of digital information – is similar to, say, going through a suspect’s purse. The court has ruled that police don’t violate  the Fourth Amendment when they go through the wallet or pocketbook of an arrestee without a warrant. But exploring one’s smartphone is more like entering   his or her home. A smartphone may contain an arrestee’s reading history, financial history, medical history and comprehensive records of recent correspondence. The development of “cloud computing”, meanwhile, has made that  exploration  so  much the easier.
　　Americans should take steps to protect their digital privacy. But keeping sensitive information on these devices is increasingly a requirement of normal life. Citizens still have a right to expect private documents to remain private and protected by the Constitution’s prohibition on unreasonable searches.
　　As so often is the case, stating that principle doesn’t ease the challenge of line-drawing. In many cases, it would not be overly burdensome for authorities to obtain a warrant to search through phone contents. They could still  invalidate Fourth Amendment protections when facing severe, urgent  circumstances,  and  they could take reasonable measures to ensure that phone data are not erased or altered while waiting for a warrant. The court, though,  may want to allow room  for police to cite situations where they are entitled to more freedom.
　　But the justices should not swallow California’s argument whole. New, disruptive technology sometimes demands novel applications of the Constitution’s protections. Orin Kerr, a law professor, compares  the explosion  and  accessibility of digital information in the 21st century with the establishment of automobile use as a virtual necessity of life in the 20th: The justices had to specify novel rules for the new personal domain of the passenger car then; they must sort out how the Fourth Amendment applies to digital information now.
　　
107.The Supreme Court will work out whether, during an arrest, it is legitimate to
[A]prevent suspects from deleting their phone contents.
[B]search for suspects’ mobile phones without a warrant.
[C]check suspects’ phone contents without being authorized.
[D]prohibit suspects from using their mobile phones.

108.The author’s attitude toward California’s argument is one of
[A]disapproval.
[B]indifference.
[C]tolerance.
[D]cautiousness.

109.The author believes that exploring one’s phone contents is comparable to
[A]going through one’s wallet.
[B]handling one’s historical records.
[C]scanning one’s correspondences.
[D]getting into one’s residence.

110.In Paragraphs 5 and 6, the author shows his concern that
[A]principles are hard to be clearly expressed.
[B]the court is giving police less room for action.
[C]phones are used to store sensitive information.
[D]citizens’ privacy is not effectively protected.

111.Orin Kerr’s comparison is quoted to indicate that
[A]the Constitution should be implemented flexibly.
[B]principles of the Constitution should never be altered.
[C]California’s argument violates principles of the Constitution.
[D]new technology requires reinterpretation of the Constitution.

Text 3

　　The journal Science is adding an extra round of statistical checks to its peer-review process, editor-in-chief Marcia McNutt announced today. The policy follows similar efforts from other journals, after widespread concern that basic mistakes in data analysis are contributing to the irreproducibility of many  published research findings.
　　“Readers must have confidence in the conclusions published in our journal,” writes McNutt in an editorial. Working with the American Statistical Association, the journal has appointed seven experts to a statistics board of reviewing editors (SBoRE). Manuscripts will be flagged up for additional scrutiny by the journal’s internal editors, or by its existing Board of Reviewing Editors or by outside peer reviewers. The SBoRE panel will then find external statisticians to review these manuscripts.
　　Asked whether any particular papers had impelled the change, McNutt said: “The creation of the ‘statistics board’ was motivated by concerns broadly with the application of statistics and data analysis in scientific research and is part of Science’s overall drive to increase reproducibility in the research we publish.”
　　Giovanni Parmigiani, a biostatistician at the Harvard School of Public Health,   a member of the SBoRE group, says he expects the board to “play primarily an advisory role.” He agreed to join because he “found the foresight behind the establishment of the SBoRE to be novel, unique and likely to have  a  lasting  impact. This impact will not only be through the publications in Science itself, but hopefully through a larger group of publishing  places  that may want  to model  their approach after Science.”
　　John Ioannidis, a physician who studies research methodology, says that the policy is “a most welcome step forward” and “long overdue”. “Most journals are weak in statistical review, and this damages  the quality of what they publish. I  think that, for the majority of scientific papers  nowadays,  statistical  review  is more essential than expert review,” he says, but he noted that biomedical journals such as Annals of Internal Medicine, the Journal of the American Medical Association and The Lancet pay strong attention to statistical review.
　　Professional scientists are expected to know how to analyse data, but  statistical errors are alarmingly common in published  research,  according to  David Vaux, a cell biologist. Researchers should improve their standards, he wrote in 2012, but journals should also take a tougher line, “engaging reviewers who are statistically literate and editors who can verify the process”. Vaux says that  Science’s idea to pass some papers to statisticians “has some merit, but a  weakness is that it relies on the board of reviewing editors to identify ‘the papers that need scrutiny’ in the first place”.
112.It can be learned from Paragraph 1 that
[A]Science intends to simplify its peer-review process.
[B]journals are strengthening their statistical checks.
[C]few journals are blamed for mistakes in data analysis.
[D]lack of data analysis is common in research projects.

113.The phrase “flagged up” (Para. 2) is the closest in meaning to
[A]found.
[B]revised.
[C]marked.
[D]stored.

114.Giovanni Parmigiani believes that the establishment of the SBoRE may
[A]pose a threat to all its peers.
[B]meet with strong opposition.
[C]increase Science’s circulation.
[D]set an example for other journals.

115.David Vaux holds that what Science is doing now
[A]adds to researchers’ workload.
[B]diminishes the role of reviewers.
[C]has room for further improvement.
[D]is to fail in the foreseeable future.

116.Which of the following is the best title of the text?
[A]Science Joins Push to Screen Statistics in Papers
[B]Professional Statisticians Deserve More Respect
[C]Data Analysis Finds Its Way onto Editors’ Desks
[D]Statisticians Are Coming Back with Science










Text 4

　　Two years ago, Rupert Murdoch’s daughter, Elisabeth, spoke of the  “unsettling dearth of integrity across so many of our institutions”. Integrity had collapsed, she argued, because of a collective acceptance that the only “sorting mechanism” in society should be profit and the market. But “it’s us, human beings, we the people who create the society we want, not profit.”
　　Driving her point home, she continued: “It’s increasingly apparent that the absence of purpose, of a moral language within government, media or business could become one of the most dangerous goals for capitalism and freedom.” This same absence of moral purpose was wounding companies such as News International, she thought, making it more likely that it  would lose its  way as it  had with widespread illegal telephone hacking.
　　As the hacking trial concludes – finding guilty one ex-editor of the News of the World, Andy Coulson, for conspiring to hack phones, and finding his predecessor, Rebekah Brooks, innocent of the same charge – the wider issue of dearth of integrity still stands. Journalists are known to have hacked the phones of up to 5,500 people. This is hacking on an industrial scale, as was acknowledged     by Glenn Mulcaire, the man hired by the News of the  World  in 2001  to be the  point person for phone hacking. Others await trial. This long story still unfolds.
　　In many respects, the dearth of moral purpose frames not only the fact of such widespread phone hacking but the terms on which the trial took place. One of the astonishing revelations was how little Rebekah Brooks knew of  what went on in  her newsroom, how little she thought to ask and the fact that she never inquired  how the stories arrived. The core of her successful defence was that she knew nothing.
　　In today’s world, it has become  normal that  well-paid executives should not  be accountable for what happens in the organisations that they run. Perhaps we should not be so surprised. For a generation, the collective doctrine has been that  the sorting mechanism of society should be profit. The words that have mattered   are efficiency, flexibility, shareholder value, business-friendly, wealth generation, sales, impact and, in newspapers, circulation. Words degraded to the margin have been justice, fairness, tolerance, proportionality and accountability.
　　The purpose of editing the News of the World was not to promote reader understanding, to be fair in what was written or to betray any common humanity.    It was to ruin lives in the quest for circulation and impact. Ms Brooks may or may not have had suspicions about how her journalists got their stories, but she asked   no questions, gave no instructions – nor received traceable, recorded answers.
　　
117.According to the first two paragraphs, Elisabeth was upset by
[A]the consequences of the current sorting mechanism.
[B]companies’ financial loss due to immoral practices.
[C]governmental ineffectiveness on moral issues.
[D]the wide misuse of integrity among institutions.

118.It can be inferred from Paragraph 3 that
[A]Glenn Mulcaire may deny phone hacking as a crime.
[B]more journalists may be found guilty of phone hacking.
[C]Andy Coulson should be held innocent of the charge.
[D]phone hacking will be accepted on certain occasions.

119.The author believes that Rebekah Brooks’s defence
[A]was hardly convincing.
[B]centered on trivial issues.
[C]revealed a cunning personality.
[D]was part of a conspiracy.

120.The author holds that the current collective doctrine shows
[A]a marginalized lifestyle.
[B]unfair wealth distribution.
[C]generally distorted values.
[D]a rigid moral code.

121.Which of the following is suggested in the last paragraph?
[A]The quality of writings is of primary importance.
[B]Moral awareness matters in editing a newspaper.
[C]Common humanity is central to news reporting.
[D]Journalists need stricter industrial regulations.











Part B Directions:
In the following text, some sentences have been removed. For Questions 41-45, choose the most suitable one from the list A-G to fit into each of the numbered blanks. There are two extra choices, which do not fit in any of the blanks. Mark  your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)


　　How does your reading proceed? Clearly you try  to  comprehend,  in  the  sense of identifying meanings for  individual  words  and  working  out relationships between them, drawing on your implicit knowledge of English grammar. (41) 	You begin to infer a context for the text, for instance by making decisions about what kind of speech event is involved: Who is making the utterance, to whom, when and where.
　　The ways of reading indicated here are without doubt kinds of comprehension. But they show comprehension to consist not just of passive assimilation but of active engagement in inference and problem-solving. You infer information you  feel the writer has invited you to grasp by presenting you with specific evidence  and clues. (42)  	
　　Conceived in this way, comprehension will not follow exactly the same track for each reader. What is in question is not the retrieval of an absolute, fixed or  “true” meaning that can be read off and checked for accuracy, or some timeless relation of the text to the world. (43)  	
Such background material inevitably reflects who we are. (44)  	
 	 This doesn’t, however, make interpretation merely relative or even pointless. Precisely because readers from different historical periods, places and social experiences produce different but overlapping readings   of the same words on the page– including for texts that engage with fundamental human concerns – debates about texts can play an important role in social discussion of beliefs and values.
　　How we read a given text also depends to some extent on  our  particular interest  in reading it. (45) 	Such dimensions of reading suggest – as others introduced later in the book will also do – that we bring an implicit（often unacknowledged）agenda to any act of reading. It doesn’t then necessarily follow that one kind of reading is fuller, more advanced or more worthwhile than another. Ideally, different kinds of reading inform each other, and act as useful reference points for and counterbalances to one another. Together,  they make up the reading component of your overall literacy, or relationship  to  your surrounding textual environment.
[AB]Are we studying that text and trying to respond in a way that fulfils the requirement of a given course? Reading it simply for  pleasure? Skimming it  for information? Ways of reading on a train or in bed are likely to differ considerably from reading in a seminar room.
[AC]Factors such as the place and period in which we are reading, our gender, ethnicity, age and social class will encourage us towards  certain interpretations but at the same time obscure or even close off others.
[AD]If you are unfamiliar with words or idioms, you guess at their meaning, using clues presented in the context. On the assumption that they will become relevant later, you make a mental note of discourse entities as well as possible links between them.
[AE]In effect, you try to reconstruct the likely meanings or effects that any given sentence, image or reference might have had: These might be the ones the author intended.
[AF]You make further inferences, for instance, about how the text may be  significant to you, or about its validity – inferences that form the basis of a personal response for which the author will inevitably be far less responsible.
[AG]In plays, novels and narrative poems, characters speak as constructs created by the author, not necessarily as mouthpieces for the author’s own thoughts.
[AH]Rather, we ascribe meanings to texts on the basis of interaction between what we might call textual and contextual material: between kinds of  organization  or patterning we perceive in a text’s formal structures (so especially its  language structures) and various kinds of background,  social  knowledge, belief and attitude that we bring to the text.












Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

　　Within the span of a hundred years, in the seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries, a tide of emigration – one of the great folk wanderings of history – swept from Europe to America. (46) This movement, driven by powerful and diverse motivations, built a nation out of  a wilderness and,  by its nature, shaped  the character and destiny of an uncharted continent.
　　　(47) The United States is the product of two principal forces – the immigration of European peoples with their varied ideas, customs, and national characteristics and the impact of a new country which modified these traits. Of necessity, colonial America was a projection of Europe. Across the Atlantic came successive groups of Englishmen, Frenchmen, Germans, Scots, Irishmen, Dutchmen, Swedes, and many others who attempted to transplant their habits and traditions to the new world. (48) But the force  of geographic conditions  peculiar  to America, the interplay of the varied national groups upon one another, and the sheer difficulty of maintaining old-world ways in a raw, new continent caused significant changes. These changes were gradual and at first scarcely  visible. But the result was a new social pattern which, although it resembled European society  in many ways, had a character that was distinctly American.
　　(49) The first shiploads of immigrants bound for the  territory which  is now the United States crossed the Atlantic more than a hundred years after the 15th-and-16th-century explorations of North America. In the meantime, thriving Spanish colonies had been established in Mexico, the West Indies, and South America. These travelers to North America came in small, unmercifully overcrowded craft. During their six- to twelve-week  voyage, they survived on barely enough  food allotted to them. Many of  the ships were  lost in  storms, many passengers  died of disease, and infants rarely survived  the journey. Sometimes  storms  blew the vessels far off their course, and often calm brought unbearably long delay.
　　To the anxious travelers the sight of the American shore brought almost inexpressible relief. Said one recorder of events, “The air at twelve leagues’  distance smelt as sweet  as a new-blown garden.” The colonists’ first glimpse of   the new land was a sight of dense woods. (50) The virgin forest  with its richness and variety of trees was a real treasure-house which extended from Maine all the way down to Georgia. Here was abundant fuel and lumber. Here was the raw material of houses and furniture, ships and potash, dyes and naval stores.


Section III	Writing
Part A
64.Directions:
　　You are going to host a club reading session. Write an email of about 100  words recommending a book to the club members.
You should state reasons for your recommendation. You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter, use “Li Ming ” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)



Part B
65.Directions:
　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following picture. In your essay, you should
1）describe the picture briefly,
2）interpret its intended meaning, and 3）give your comments.
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)



手机时代的聚会




2015年英语一真题答案

　　　Section Ⅰ Use of  English

1.D        2.B       3.C       4.A       5.C       6.A       7.D       8.A      9.B      10.D

11.B     12.A     13.B     14.D     15.C     16.C     17.B     18.D     19.C     20.A 



SectionⅡ	Reading Comprehension

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part A
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
Text 1	21~25	　　D C B A C	Text 2	26~30	　　C A D D D
Text 3	31~35	　　B C D C A	Text 4	36~40	　　A B A C B
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　                                  Part B 
　　　　　　　　　　　
41.C     42.E     43.G     44.B     45.A
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part C 
46. 在各种强大动机的推动下，这场迁移从荒野中造就了一个民族，并循其本质塑造了一片全新大陆的特点，决定了它的命运。

47. 合众国是两股主要力量作用的产物，一是具有不同思想、风俗和民族特点的欧洲各民族的迁入，二是一个新国家因改变了这些特性而产生的影响。

48.但是美洲特有地理条件的作用，不同族群间的相互影响，加上在一片荒蛮新大陆上维持旧大陆方式的巨大困难，所有这一切引起了意义深远的变化。

49. 在十五、十六世纪的北美大陆探险过去一百多年后，首批满载移民驶向今天合众国这片疆土的船只横穿过了大西洋。

50. 郁郁葱葱、、树种繁多的原始森林是一座从缅因一直向南绵延到佐治亚的天然宝库。

Section III	Writing
51、52 略



绝密★启用前



2016 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


1.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
3.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
5.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

Section I	Use of  English


Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and  mark A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)


　　　In Cambodia, the choice of a spouse is a complex one for the young male. It may involve not only his parents and his friends,     1       those of the young woman,     but  also  a matchmaker. A young man can     2       a likely spouse on his own and then ask his parents to     3     the marriage negotiations, or the young man’s      parents may make the choice of a spouse, giving the child little to say in the  selection.    4     , a girl may veto the spouse her parents have chosen.     5      a  spouse has been selected, each family investigates the other to make sure its child is marrying       6      a good family.
　　　The traditional wedding is a long and colorful affair. Formerly it lasted three days,    7     by  the 1980s it more commonly lasted a  day and a half.  Buddhist  priests offer a short sermon and   8    prayers of blessing. Parts of the ceremony  involve ritual hair  cutting,       9       cotton threads soaked  in  holy water  around the  bride’s  and groom’s  wrists, and   10    a candle around a circle of happily  married and respected couples to bless the       11     . Newlyweds traditionally move  in with the wife’s parents and may      12       with them up to a year,       13       they can build a new house nearby.
Divorce is legal and easy to 	14	, but not common. Divorced persons are
　15     with some disapproval. Each spouse retains 	16	   property he or she G 17	into the  marriage, and jointly-acquired  property  is		    18	   equally. Divorced persons may remarry, but a gender prejudice     19		up: The divorced male  doesn’t have  a  waiting period  before  he can remarry 		20		 the woman must wait ten months.





41.[A] as well as
42.[A] adapt to
43.[A] renew
44.[A] In theory	[B] by way of
[B] provide for
[B] close
[B] In time	[C] on behalf of
[C] compete with
[C] arrange
[C] Above all	[D] with regard to
[D] decide on
[D] postpone
[D] For example
5. [A] Although	[B] Lest	[C] After	[D] Unless
6. [A] within	[B] into	[C] from	[D] through
7. [A] since	[B] or	[C] so	[D] but
8. [A] test	[B] recite	[C] copy	[D] create
9. [A] folding	[B] piling	[C] wrapping	[D] tying
10. [A] passing	[B] lighting	[C] hiding	[D] serving
11. [A] association	[B] meeting	[C] collection	[D] union
12. [A] grow	[B] part	[C] live	[D] deal
13. [A] whereas	[B] until	[C] for	[D] if
14. [A] follow	[B] obtain	[C] challenge	[D] avoid
15. [A] isolated	[B] persuaded	[C] viewed	[D] exposed
16. [A] whatever	[B] however	[C] whenever	[D] wherever
17. [A] changed	[B] brought	[C] shaped	[D] pushed
18. [A] withdrawn	[B] invested	[C] donated	[D] divided
19. [A] clears	[B] shows	[C] warms	[D] breaks
20. [A] while	[B] once	[C] so that	[D] in that




Section II	Reading Comprehension

Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)


Text 1

　　　France, which prides itself as the global innovator of fashion, has decided its fashion industry has lost an absolute right to define physical beauty for women. Its lawmakers gave preliminary approval last week to a law that would make it  a  crime to employ ultra-thin models on runways. The parliament also agreed to ban websites that “incite excessive thinness” by promoting extreme dieting.
　　　Such measures have a couple of uplifting motives.  They  suggest  beauty  should not be defined by looks that end up  impinging on  health. That’s a  start. And the ban on ultra-thin models seems to go beyond protecting models  from starving themselves to death – as some have  done. It tells the  fashion industry  that  it must take responsibility for the signal it sends women, especially teenage girls, about the social tape-measure they must use to determine their individual worth.
　　　The bans, if fully enforced, would suggest to women  (and  many  men)  that they should not let others be arbiters of  their beauty. And  perhaps faintly, they hint that people should look to intangible qualities like  character  and  intellect  rather than dieting their way to size zero or wasp-waist physiques.
　　　The French measures, however, rely too much on  severe  punishment  to  change a culture that still regards beauty as skin-deep – and bone-showing. Under   the law, using a fashion model that does not meet a government-defined index of  body mass could result in a $85,000 fine and six months in prison.
　　　The fashion industry knows it has an inherent  problem  in  focusing  on  material adornment and idealized body  types.  In  Denmark,  the United  States,  and a few other countries, it is trying to set voluntary standards for models and fashion images that rely more on peer pressure for enforcement.
　　　In contrast to France’s actions, Denmark’s fashion industry agreed last  month  on rules and sanctions regarding the age, health,  and  other  characteristics  of models. The newly revised Danish Fashion Ethical Charter clearly states: “We are aware of and take responsibility for the impact the fashion industry has on body ideals, especially on young people.” The charter’s main tool of enforcement is to  deny access for designers and modeling agencies to Copenhagen Fashion Week (CFW), which is run by the Danish Fashion Institute. But in general it relies on a name-and-shame method of compliance.
　　　Relying on ethical persuasion rather than law to address the misuse of body ideals may be the best step. Even better would be to help elevate notions of beauty beyond the material standards of a particular industry.




[H]According to the first paragraph, what would happen in France?
?Physical beauty would be redefined.
?New runways would be constructed.
?Websites about dieting would thrive.
?The fashion industry would decline.

[I]The phrase “impinging on” (Line 2, Para. 2) is closest in meaning to
?indicating the state of.
?heightening the value of.
?losing faith in.
?doing harm to.

[J]Which of the following is true of the fashion industry?
?The French measures have already failed.
?Its inherent problems are getting worse.
?Models are no longer under peer pressure.
?New standards are being set in Denmark.

[K]A designer is most likely to be rejected by CFW for
?pursuing perfect physical conditions.
?caring too much about models’ character.
?showing little concern for health factors.
?setting a high age threshold for models.

[L]Which of the following may be the best title of the text?
?The Great Threats to the Fashion Industry
?Just Another Round of Struggle for Beauty
?A Dilemma for the Starving Models in France
?A Challenge to the Fashion Industry’s Body Ideals












Text 2

　　　For the first time in history more people live in towns than in the country. In Britain this has had a curious result.While polls show Britons rate “the countryside” alongside the royal family, Shakespeare and the National Health Service (NHS) as what makes them proudest of their country, this has limited political support.
　　　A century ago Octavia Hill launched the National Trust not to rescue stylish houses but to save “the beauty of natural places for everyone forever.” It was specifically to provide city dwellers with spaces for leisure where they could experience “a refreshing air.” Hill’s pressure later led to the creation of national  parks and green belts. They don’t make countryside any more, and every year concrete consumes more of it. It needs constant guardianship.
　　　At the next election none of the big parties seem likely to endorse  this  sentiment. The Conservatives’ planning reform explicitly gives rural development priority over conservation, even authorising  “off-plan”  building  where  local people might object. The concept of sustainable development has been defined as profitable. Labour likewise wants to discontinue local planning where councils  oppose development. The Liberal Democrats are silent. Only Ukip, sensing its  chance, has sided with those pleading for a more  considered  approach  to  using green land. Its Campaign to Protect Rural England struck terror into many local Conservative parties.
　　　The sensible place to build new houses, factories and offices is where  people are, in cities and towns where infrastructure is  in  place.  The  London  agents Stirling Ackroyd recently identified enough sites for half a million houses in the London area alone, with no intrusion on green belt. What is true  of  London is  even truer of the provinces.
　　　The idea that “housing crisis” equals “concreted meadows” is pure lobby talk. The issue is not the need for more houses but, as always, where to put them. Under lobby pressure, George Osborne favours rural new-build against urban renovation  and  renewal.  He favours out-of-town shopping sites  against high  streets. This is  not a free market but a biased one. Rural towns and villages have grown and will always grow. They do so best where building sticks  to  their  edges  and  respects their character. We do not ruin urban conservation areas. Why ruin rural ones?
　　　Development should be planned, not let rip. After the Netherlands, Britain is Europe’s most crowded country. Half a century of town and country planning has enabled it to retain an enviable rural coherence, while still permitting low-density urban living. There is no doubt of the alternative – the corrupted landscapes of southern Portugal, Spain or Ireland. Avoiding this rather than promoting it should unite the left and right of the political spectrum.



[M]Britain’s public sentiment about the countryside
?is not well reflected in politics.
?is fully backed by the royal family.
?didn’t start till the Shakespearean age.
?has brought much benefit to the NHS.

[N]According to Paragraph 2, the achievements of the National Trust are now being
?largely overshadowed.
?properly protected.
?effectively reinforced.
?gradually destroyed.

[O]Which of the following can be inferred from Paragraph 3?
?Labour is under attack for opposing development.
?The Conservatives may abandon “off-plan” building.
?Ukip may gain from its support for rural conservation.
?The Liberal Democrats are losing political influence.

[P]The author holds that George Osborne’s preference
?shows his disregard for the character of rural areas.
?stresses the necessity of easing the housing crisis.
?highlights his firm stand against lobby pressure.
?reveals a strong prejudice against urban areas.

[Q]In the last paragraph, the author shows his appreciation of
?the size of population in Britain.
?the enviable urban lifestyle in Britain.
?the town-and-country planning in Britain.
?the political life in today’s Britain.











Text 3

　　　“There is one and only one social responsibility of business,” wrote Milton Friedman, a Nobel prize-winning economist, “That is, to use its resources and engage in activities designed to increase its profits.” But even if you accept Friedman’s premise and regard corporate social responsibility (CSR) policies as a waste of shareholders’ money, things may not be absolutely clear-cut.  New research suggests that CSR may create monetary value for  companies  – at  least when they are prosecuted for corruption.
　　　The largest firms in America and Britain together spend more  than $15 billion   a year on CSR, according to an estimate by  EPG,  a consulting firm. This could  add value to their businesses in three ways. First, consumers may  take  CSR  spending as a “signal” that a company’s products are of high quality. Second, customers may be willing to buy a company’s products as  an  indirect  way  to  donate to the good causes it helps. And third, through a more diffuse “halo effect,” whereby its good deeds earn it greater consideration from consumers and others.
　　　Previous studies on CSR have had  trouble differentiating  these effects  because consumers can be affected by all three. A recent study attempts  to  separate them by looking at bribery prosecutions under America’s  Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA). It argues that since prosecutors do not consume a company’s products as part of their investigations, they  could  be  influenced  only by the halo effect.
　　　The study found that, among prosecuted firms, those with the most comprehensive CSR programmes tended to get more lenient penalties. Their analysis ruled out the possibility that it was firms’ political influence, rather than  their CSR stand, that accounted for the leniency: Companies that contributed more    to political campaigns did not receive lower fines.
　　　In all, the study concludes that whereas prosecutors should  only  evaluate  a case based on its merits, they do seem to be influenced by a company’s record in CSR. “We estimate that either eliminating a substantial  labour-rights  concern, such as child labour, or increasing corporate giving by about 20% results  in fines  that generally are 40% lower than the typical punishment for bribing foreign officials,” says one researcher.
　　　Researchers admit that their study does not answer the question of how much businesses ought to spend on CSR. Nor does it reveal how much companies are banking on the halo effect, rather than the  other  possible  benefits,  when  they decide their do-gooding policies. But at least they have demonstrated that when companies get  into trouble with the law, evidence of good character can win them     a less costly punishment.



[R]The author views Milton Friedman’s statement about CSR with
?tolerance.
?skepticism.
?approval.
?uncertainty.

[S]According to Paragraph 2, CSR helps a company by
?guarding it against malpractices.
?protecting it from being defamed.
?winning trust from consumers.
?raising the quality of its products.

[T]The expression “more lenient” (Para.4) is closest in meaning to
?less controversial.
?more effective.
?more lasting.
?less severe.

[U]When prosecutors evaluate a case, a company’s CSR record
?has an impact on their decision.
?comes across as reliable evidence.
?increases the chance of being penalized.
?constitutes part of the investigation.

[V]Which of the following is true of CSR, according to the last paragraph?
?Its negative effects on businesses are often overlooked.
?The necessary amount of companies’ spending on it is unknown.
?Companies’ financial capacity for it has been overestimated.
?It has brought much benefit to the banking industry.











Text 4

　　　There will eventually come a day when The New York Times ceases to publish stories on newsprint. Exactly when that day will be is a matter of debate. “Sometime in the future,” the paper’s publisher said back in 2010.
　　　Nostalgia for ink on paper and the rustle of pages aside, there’s plenty of incentive to ditch print. The infrastructure required to make a physical newspaper– printing presses, delivery trucks – isn’t just expensive; it’s excessive at a time when online-only competitors don’t have the same set of financial constraints. Readers are migrating away from print anyway. And though print ad sales still dwarf their online and mobile counterparts, revenue from print is still declining.
　　　Overhead may be high and circulation lower, but rushing to eliminate its print edition would be a mistake, says BuzzFeed CEO Jonah Peretti.
　　　Peretti says the Times shouldn’t waste time getting out of the print  business,  but only if they go about doing it the right way. “Figuring out a way to accelerate that transition would make sense for them,” he said, “but if you discontinue it, you’re going to have your most loyal customers really upset with you.”
　　　Sometimes that’s worth making  a change  anyway. Peretti  gives  the  example of Netflix discontinuing its DVD-mailing service to focus on streaming.  “It  was  seen as a blunder,” he said. The move turned out to be  foresighted. And if Peretti were in charge at the Times? “I wouldn’t pick a year to  end  print,” he  said.  “I  would raise prices and make it into more of a legacy product.”
　　　The most loyal customers would still get the product they favor, the idea goes, and they’d feel like they were helping sustain  the  quality  of  something  they  believe in. “So if you’re overpaying for print, you could feel like  you  were  helping,” Peretti said. “Then increase it at a higher rate  each  year  and  essentially try to generate additional revenue.” In other words, if you’re going to make a print product, make it for the people who are already obsessed with  it. Which  may be  what the Times is doing already. Getting the print edition seven days a week costs nearly $500 a year – more than twice as much as a digital-only subscription.
　　　“It’s a really hard thing to do and it’s a tremendous luxury that BuzzFeed doesn’t have a legacy business,” Peretti remarked. “But we’re going to have  questions like that where we have things we’re doing that don’t make sense when   the market changes and the world changes. In those situations,  it’s  better  to  be more aggressive than less aggressive.”





[W]The New York Times is considering ending its print edition partly due to
?the high cost of operation.
?the increasing online ad sales.
?the pressure from its investors.
?the complaints from its readers.

[X]Peretti suggests that, in face of the present situation, the Times should
?end the print edition for good.
?make strategic adjustments.
?seek new sources of readership.
?aim for efficient management.

[Y]It can be inferred from Paragraphs 5 and 6 that a “legacy product”
?helps restore the glory of former times.
?is meant for the most loyal customers.
?will have the cost of printing reduced.
?expands the popularity of the paper.

[Z]Peretti believes that, in a changing world,
?traditional luxuries can stay unaffected.
?cautiousness facilitates problem-solving.
?aggressiveness better meets challenges.
?legacy businesses are becoming outdated.

[AA]Which of the following would be the best title of the text?
?Shift to Online Newspapers All at Once
?Make Your Print Newspaper a Luxury Good
?Keep Your Newspapers Forever in Fashion
?Cherish the Newspaper Still in Your Hand












Part B
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable subheading from the list A-G for each of the numbered paragraphs (41-45). There  are two extra subheadings. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET.  (10  points)


(49)Create a new image of yourself
(50)Have confidence in yourself
(51)Decide if the time is right
(52)Understand the context
(53)Work with professionals
(54)Know your goals
(55)Make it efficient

　　No matter how formal or informal the work environment, the way you present yourself has an impact. This is especially true in first impressions. According to research from Princeton University, people assess your competence, trustworthiness, and likeability in just a tenth of a second, solely based on the way you look.
　　The difference between today’s workplace and the  “dress  for  success” era  is that the range of options is so much broader. Norms have  evolved and  fragmented. In some settings, red sneakers or dress T-shirts can convey status; in others not so much. Plus, whatever image we present is magnified by social-media services like Linkedln. Chances are, your headshots are seen much more often  now  than  a  decade or two ago. Millennials, it seems, face the  paradox  of  being  the  least  formal generation yet the most conscious of style and personal branding. It can be confusing.
　　　So how do we navigate this? How do we know when to invest in an upgrade? And what’s the best way to pull off one that enhances our goals? Here are some tips:

As an executive coach, I’ve seen image upgrades  be  particularly  helpful during transitions – when looking for a new job, stepping into  a  new  or  more public role, or changing work environments. If you’re in a period of change or just feeling stuck and in a rut, now may be a good time. If you’re not sure, ask for honest feedback from trusted friends, colleagues and professionals. Look for cues about how others perceive you. Maybe  there’s no need for an upgrade  and that’s  OK.





　　　Get clear on what impact you’re hoping to have. Are you looking to refresh  your image or pivot it? For one person, the goal may be to  be  taken  more seriously and enhance their professional image. For another, it may be to be perceived as more approachable, or more modern and stylish.  For  someone moving from finance to advertising, maybe they want to look more  “SoHo.” (It’s OK to use characterizations like that.)

　　　Look at your work environment like an anthropologist. What are the norms of your environment? What conveys status? Who are your most important audiences? How do the people you respect and look up to present themselves? The better you understand the cultural context, the more control you can have over your impact.

　　　Enlist the support of professionals and share with  them  your  goals  and  context. Hire a personal stylist, or use the free styling service of  a  store  like  J.Crew. Try a hair stylist instead of a barber. Work with a  professional photographer instead of your spouse or friend. It’s not as expensive as you might think.

　　　The point of a style upgrade isn’t to become more vain or to spend more time fussing over what to wear. Instead, use it as an opportunity to reduce  decision fatigue. Pick a standard work uniform or a few go-to  options. Buy all your clothes   at once with a stylist instead of shopping alone, one article of clothing at a time.










Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)


　　　Mental health is our birthright. (46) We don’t have  to  learn  how  to  be mentally healthy; it is built into us in the same way that our bodies know how to    heal a cut or mend a broken bone. Mental health can’t be learned,  only  reawakened. It is like the immune system of the body, which  under  stress  or  through lack of nutrition or exercise can be weakened, but which never leaves us. When we don’t understand the value of mental health and we don’t know how to  gain access to it, mental health will remain hidden from us. (47) Our mental health doesn’t really go anywhere; like the sun behind a cloud, it  can  be  temporarily hidden from view, but it is fully capable of being restored in an instant.
　　　Mental health is the seed that contains self-esteem – confidence  in ourselves  and an ability  to trust in our  common  sense.  It  allows us to have perspective on  our lives – the ability to not take ourselves  too seriously, to laugh at ourselves,  to  see the bigger picture, and to see that things will work out. It’s a form of innate or unlearned optimism. (48) Mental health allows us to view others with sympathy if they are having troubles, with kindness if they are in pain, and with unconditional  love no matter who they are. Mental health is the source of creativity for solving problems, resolving conflict, making our surroundings more  beautiful, managing  our home life, or coming up with a creative business idea or invention to make our lives easier. It gives us patience for ourselves and  toward  others  as  well  as  patience while driving, catching a fish, working on our car, or raising a child. It  allows us to see the beauty  that surrounds us each  moment in nature, in culture, in the flow of our daily lives.
　　　(49) Although mental health is the cure-all for living our lives, it is perfectly ordinary as you will see that it has been there to direct you  through  all  your  difficult decisions. It has been available even in the most mundane of  life situations to show you right from wrong, good from bad, friend from foe. Mental health has commonly been called conscience, instinct, wisdom, common sense, or  the inner voice. We think of it simply as a healthy and helpful flow of intelligent thought. (50) As you will come to see, knowing that mental health is  always  available and knowing to trust it allow  us to slow  down  to the  moment  and live  life happily.



Section III	Writing


Part A

53.Directions:

　　　Suppose you are a librarian in your university. Write a notice of about 100 words, providing the newly-enrolled international students with relevant information about the library.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the notice. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)



Part B

54.Directions:

　　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following  pictures.  In  your essay, you should
l) describe the pictures briefly,
11.interpret the meaning, and
12.give your comments.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)





　　　　　　　　　　　　　2016年英语一真题答案

Section Ⅰ Use of  English

1.A        2.D       3.C       4.A       5.C       6.B       7.D       8.B      9.D      10.A

11.D     12.C     13.B     14.B     15.C     16.A     17.B     18.D     19.B     20.A 



SectionⅡ	Reading Comprehension

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part A
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
Text1	21~25	　　A D D C D	Text2	26~30	　　A D C A C
Text3	31~35	　　B C D A B	Text4	36~40	　　A B B C B
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　                                  Part B 
　　　　　　　　　　　
41.C     42.F     43.D     44.E     45.G
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part C 
46. 我们不必学习如何保持心理健康；它是我们生来就有的，正如同我们的身体知道如何治愈伤口或修复断骨一样。

47.心理健康并没有真的离开；宛如云朵后面的太阳，它虽然可能暂离我们的视线，但完全能在转瞬之间重现。

48.心理健康让我们在他人遇到困难时心怀同情。遭受苦痛时心怀善意，不论他们是谁（我们）都会心怀无条件的爱。

49.尽管心理健康是我们生活的万能灵药，但它又再寻常不过，因为你会发现，它一直在那里引领你完成所有艰难的抉择。

50.你终会明白，懂得心理健康无时不在并懂得信赖它，这能让我们慢下来活在每一刻，快乐地生活着。

Section III	Writing
51、52 略




绝密★启用前



2017 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


36.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
37.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
38.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
39.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
40.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

Section I	Use of  English

Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and  mark A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)



　　　Could a hug a day keep the doctor away? The answer may be a resounding “yes!”     1      helping you feel  close and      2      to people you care about, it     turns out that hugs can bring a     3     of health benefits to your body and mind.   Believe  it  or not,  a  warm  embrace  might  even help you      4     getting sick this winter.
　　　In a recent study    5   over 400 healthy adults, researchers from Carnegie   Mellon University in Pennsylvania examined the effects of  perceived  social  support  and  the  receipt  of  hugs      6     the  participants’  susceptibility to   developing  the common cold  after  being    7    to  the  virus.  People  who   perceived greater social  support  were  less likely to come     8     with a cold, and   the researchers     9      that the stress-reducing effects of hugging      10      about   32  percent of that beneficial effect.    11     among those who got  a cold, the ones who felt greater social support and received more frequent hugs had less severe     12    .
　　　“Hugging  protects  people  who  are  under  stress  from  the    13     risk  for colds that’s usually  14   with stress,” notes Sheldon  Cohen,  a  professor  of psychology at Carnegie. Hugging “is a marker of intimacy and helps   15   the   feeling that others are there to help     16      difficulty.”
　　　Some  experts     17      the  stress-reducing, health-related benefits  of hugging to  the  release  of  oxytocin,  often   called  “the  bonding  hormone”  18    it promotes attachment in relationships, including that between mothers and their newborn babies. Oxytocin is made primarily in the central lower part of the brain,  and some  of it is released  into the bloodstream. But some  of it    19     in the   brain, where it   20     mood, behavior and physiology.


1．[A] Unlike
2．[A] connected	[B] Besides
[B] restricted	[C] Despite
[C] equal	[D] Throughout
[D] inferior
3．[A] choice	[B] view	[C] lesson	[D] host
4．[A] recall	[B] forget	[C] avoid	[D] keep
5．[A] collecting	[B] involving	[C] guiding	[D] affecting
6．[A] of	[B] in	[C] at	[D] on
7．[A] devoted	[B] exposed	[C] lost	[D] attracted
8．[A] across	[B] along	[C] down	[D] out
9．[A] calculated	[B] denied	[C] doubted	[D] imagined
10．[A] served	[B] required	[C] restored	[D] explained
11．[A] Even	[B] Still	[C] Rather	[D] Thus
12．[A] defeats	[B] symptoms	[C] tests	[D] errors
13．[A] minimized	[B] highlighted	[C] controlled	[D] increased
14．[A] equipped	[B] associated	[C] presented	[D] compared
15．[A] assess	[B] moderate	[C] generate	[D] record
16．[A] in the face of	[B] in the form of	[C] in the way of	[D] in the name of
17．[A] transfer	[B] commit	[C] attribute	[D] return
18．[A] because	[B] unless	[C] though	[D] until
19．[A] emerges	[B] vanishes	[C] remains	[D] decreases
20．[A] experiences	[B] combines	[C] justifies	[D] influences



Section II	Reading Comprehension

Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)

Text 1

　　　First two hours, now three hours – this is how far in advance authorities are recommending people show up to catch a domestic flight, at least at some major U.S. airports with increasingly massive security lines.
　　　Americans are willing to tolerate time-consuming security  procedures  in  return for increased safety. The crash of EgyptAir Flight 804, which terrorists may have downed over the Mediterranean Sea, provides another tragic reminder of why. But demanding too much of air travelers or providing too little security  in return undermines public support for the process. And it should: Wasted time is a  drag on Americans’ economic and private lives, not to mention infuriating.
　　　Last year, the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) found in a secret check that undercover investigators were able to sneak weapons  –  both  fake  and real – past airport security nearly every  time  they  tried.  Enhanced  security measures since then, combined with a rise in airline travel due to the improving economy and low oil prices, have resulted in long waits at major airports such as Chicago’s O’Hare International. It is not yet clear how much  more  effective  airline security has become – but the lines are obvious.
　　　Part of the issue is that the government did not anticipate the steep increase in airline travel, so the TSA is now rushing  to get  new screeners on the line. Part of  the issue is that airports have only so much room  for  screening  lanes.  Another factor may be that more people are trying to overpack their carry-on bags to avoid checked-baggage fees, though the airlines strongly dispute this.
　　　There is one step the TSA could take that would not require remodeling airports or rushing to hire: Enroll more people in the  PreCheck  program. PreCheck is supposed to be a win-win for travelers and the TSA. Passengers who pass a background check are eligible to use expedited screening lanes. This allows  the TSA to focus on travelers who are higher risk, saving time for  everyone  involved. The TSA wants to enroll 25 million people in PreCheck.
　　　It has not gotten anywhere close to that, and one big reason is sticker shock: Passengers must pay $85 every five years to process  their  background checks.  Since the beginning, this price tag has been PreCheck’s fatal flaw. Upcoming reforms might bring the price to a more  reasonable  level.  But  Congress  should look into doing so directly, by helping to finance PreCheck enrollment  or to  cut costs in other ways.
　　　The TSA cannot continue diverting resources into underused PreCheck lanes while most of the traveling public suffers in unnecessary lines. It is long past time to make the program work.

95.The crash of EgyptAir Flight 804 is mentioned to
?explain American’s tolerance of current security checks.
?stress the urgency to strengthen security worldwide.
?highlight the necessity of upgrading major U.S. airports.
?emphasize the importance of privacy protection.

96.Which of the following contributes to long waits at major airports?
?New restrictions on carry-on bags.
?The declining efficiency of the TSA.
?An increase in the number of travelers.
?Frequent unexpected secret checks.

97.The word “expedited” (Line 4, Para. 5) is closest in meaning to
?quieter.
?cheaper.
?wider.
?faster.

98.One problem with the PreCheck program is
?a dramatic reduction of its scale.
?its wrongly-directed implementation.
?the government’s reluctance to back it.
?an unreasonable price for enrollment.

99.Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
?Less Screening for More Safety
?PreCheck – a Belated Solution
?Getting Stuck in Security Lines
?Underused PreCheck Lanes

Text 2

　　　“The ancient Hawaiians were astronomers,” wrote Queen Liliuokalani, Hawaii’s last reigning monarch, in 1897. Star watchers were among the most esteemed members of Hawaiian society. Sadly, all is not well with astronomy in Hawaii today. Protests have erupted over construction of the Thirty Meter  Telescope (TMT), a giant observatory that promises to revolutionize humanity’s view of the cosmos.
　　　At issue is the TMT’s planned location on Mauna Kea, a dormant volcano worshiped by some Hawaiians as the piko, that connects the  Hawaiian  Islands  to  the heavens. But Mauna Kea is also home to some of the world’s most powerful telescopes. Rested in the Pacific Ocean, Mauna Kea’s peak rises above the bulk of  our planet’s dense atmosphere, where conditions allow telescopes to obtain  images of unsurpassed clarity.
　　　Opposition to telescopes on Mauna Kea is nothing new. A small but vocal group of Hawaiians and environmentalists have long viewed their presence as disrespect for sacred land and a painful reminder of the  occupation  of what  was once a sovereign nation.
　　　Some blame for the current controversy belongs to astronomers. In their eagerness to build bigger telescopes, they  forgot  that  science is  not the only  way  of understanding the world. They did not always  prioritize  the  protection of  Mauna Kea’s fragile ecosystems or its holiness to the island’s inhabitants. Hawaiian culture is not a relic of the past; it is a living culture undergoing a renaissance today.
　　　Yet science has a cultural history, too, with roots going back to the dawn of civilization. The same curiosity to find what lies beyond the horizon that first  brought early Polynesians to Hawaii’s shores inspires astronomers today to  explore the heavens. Calls to disassemble all telescopes on Mauna Kea or to ban future development there ignore the reality that astronomy and  Hawaiian culture both seek to answer big questions about who we are, where we come from and  where we are going. Perhaps that is why we explore the starry skies, as if answering a primal calling to know ourselves and our true ancestral homes.
　　　The astronomy community is making compromises to change  its use of  Mauna Kea. The TMT site was chosen to  minimize  the  telescope’s  visibility  around the island and to avoid archaeological and environmental impact. To limit the number of telescopes on Mauna Kea, old ones will be removed  at the end of  their lifetimes and their sites returned to a natural state. There is no reason why everyone cannot be welcomed on Mauna Kea to embrace their cultural heritage  and to study the stars.

100.Queen Liliuokalani’s remark in Paragraph 1 indicates
?her conservative view on the historical role of astronomy.
?the importance of astronomy in ancient Hawaiian society.
?the regrettable decline of astronomy in ancient times.
?her appreciation of star watchers’ feats in her time.

101.Mauna Kea is deemed as an ideal astronomical site due to
?its geographical features.
?its protective surroundings.
?its religious implications.
?its existing infrastructure.

102.The construction of the TMT is opposed by some locals partly because
?it may risk ruining their intellectual life.
?it reminds them of a humiliating history.
?their culture will lose a chance of revival.
?they fear losing control of Mauna Kea.

103.It can be inferred from Paragraph 5 that progress in today’s astronomy
?is fulfilling the dreams of ancient Hawaiians.
?helps spread Hawaiian culture across the world.
?may uncover the origin of Hawaiian culture.
?will eventually soften Hawaiians’ hostility.

104.The author’s attitude toward choosing Mauna Kea as the TMT site is one of
?severe criticism.
?passive acceptance.
?slight hesitancy.
?full approval.

Text 3

　　　Robert F. Kennedy once said that a country’s GDP measures  “everything  except that which makes life worthwhile.” With Britain voting to leave the  European Union, and GDP already predicted to slow as a result, it is now a timely moment to assess what he was referring to.
　　　The question of GDP and its usefulness has  annoyed  policymakers for  over half a century. Many argue that it is a flawed concept. It  measures  things  that  do  not matter and misses things that do. By most recent measures, the UK’s GDP has been the envy of the Western world, with record low unemployment and high growth figures. If everything was going so well, then why did over  17  million people vote for Brexit, despite the warnings about what it could do to their  country’s economic prospects?
　　　A recent annual study of countries and their ability to convert growth into well-being sheds some light on that question. Across the 163 countries  measured,  the UK is one of the poorest performers in ensuring that economic growth is  translated into meaningful improvements for its citizens. Rather than just  focusing on GDP, over 40 different sets of criteria from health, education and civil society engagement have been measured to get a more rounded assessment of  how  countries are performing.
　　　While all of these countries face their own challenges, there are a number of consistent themes. Yes, there has been a budding  economic  recovery  since the  2008 global crash, but in key indicators in areas such as health and education, major economies have continued to decline. Yet this isn’t the  case  with  all countries. Some relatively poor European countries have seen huge improvements across measures including civil society, income equality and the environment.
　　　This is a lesson that rich countries can learn: When GDP is no longer  regarded as the sole measure of a country’s success, the world looks  very  different.
　　　So, what Kennedy was referring to was that while GDP has been the most common method  for measuring the economic activity of nations, as a measure, it      is no longer enough. It does not include important factors such as environmental quality or education outcomes – all things that contribute to a person’s sense of well-being.
　　　The sharp hit to growth predicted around the world and in the UK could lead     to a decline in the everyday services we depend on for our well-being and for  growth. But policymakers who refocus efforts on improving  well-being  rather than simply worrying about GDP figures could  avoid  the  forecasted  doom and may even see progress.

105.Robert F. Kennedy is cited because he
?praised the UK for its GDP.
?identified GDP with happiness.
?misinterpreted the role of GDP.
?had a low opinion of GDP.

106.It can be inferred from Paragraph 2 that
?the UK is reluctant to remold its economic pattern.
?GDP as the measure of success is widely defied in the UK.
?the UK will contribute less to the world economy.
?policymakers in the UK are paying less attention to GDP.

107.Which of the following is true about the recent annual study?
?It is sponsored by 163 countries.
?It excludes GDP as an indicator.
?Its criteria are questionable.
?Its results are enlightening.

108.In the last two paragraphs, the author suggests that
?the UK is preparing for an economic boom.
?high GDP foreshadows an economic decline.
?it is essential to consider factors beyond GDP.
?it requires caution to handle economic issues.

109.Which of the following is the best title for the text?
?High GDP But Inadequate Well-being, a UK Lesson
?GDP Figures, a Window on Global Economic Health
?Robert F. Kennedy, a Terminator of GDP
?Brexit, the UK’s Gateway to Well-being

Text 4

　　　In a rare unanimous ruling, the US Supreme Court has overturned the  corruption conviction of a former Virginia governor, Robert McDonnell. But it did  so while holding  its nose at the ethics of his conduct, which  included  accepting  gifts such as a Rolex watch and a Ferrari automobile from a  company  seeking access to government.
　　　The high court’s decision said  the judge  in Mr. McDonnell’s trial failed  to tell a jury that it must look only at his “official acts,” or the  former  governor’s  decisions on “specific” and “unsettled” issues related to his duties.
　　　Merely helping a gift-giver gain access to other officials, unless done with  clear intent to pressure those officials, is not corruption, the justices found.
　　　The court did suggest that accepting favors in return for opening doors is “distasteful” and “nasty.” But under anti-bribery laws, proof must be made of  concrete benefits, such as approval of a contract or regulation. Simply arranging a meeting, making a phone call, or hosting an event is not an “official act”.
　　　The court’s ruling is legally sound in defining a kind of favoritism that is not criminal. Elected leaders must be allowed to help supporters deal with  bureaucratic problems without fear of prosecution for bribery. “The basic compact underlying representative government,” wrote Chief Justice John Roberts for the court, “assumes that public officials  will hear from  their constituents and act on  their concerns.”
　　　But the ruling reinforces the need for citizens and their elected representatives, not the courts, to ensure equality of access to government. Officials must not be allowed to play favorites in providing information or in  arranging  meetings simply because an individual or group provides a campaign donation or a personal gift. This type of integrity requires well-enforced laws in government transparency, such as records of official meetings, rules on lobbying, and  information about each elected leader’s source of wealth.
　　　Favoritism in official access can fan public perceptions of corruption. But it is not always corruption. Rather officials must avoid double standards, or different  types of access for average people  and the  wealthy. If connections can be bought, a basic premise of democratic society – that all are equal in treatment  by  government – is undermined. Good governance rests on an understanding of the inherent worth of each individual.
　　　The court’s ruling is a step forward in the struggle against both corruption and official favoritism.

110.The underlined sentence (Para.1) most probably shows that the court
?avoided defining the extent of McDonnell’s duties.
?made no compromise in convicting McDonnell.
?was contemptuous of McDonnell’s conduct.
?refused to comment on McDonnell’s ethics.

111.According to Paragraph 4, an official act is deemed corruptive only if it involves
?leaking secrets intentionally.
?sizable gains in the form of gifts.
?concrete returns for gift-givers.
?breaking contracts officially.

112.The court’s ruling is based on the assumption that public officials are
?justified in addressing the needs of their constituents.
?qualified to deal independently with bureaucratic issues.
?allowed to focus on the concerns of their supporters.
?exempt from conviction on the charge of favoritism.

113.Well-enforced laws in government transparency are needed to
?awaken the conscience of officials.
?guarantee fair play in official access.
?allow for certain kinds of lobbying.
?inspire hopes in average people.

114.The author’s attitude toward the court’s ruling is
?sarcastic.
?tolerant.
?skeptical.
?supportive.


Part B Directions:
　　The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For questions 41 -45,  you are required to reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent text by choosing from the list A—G and filling them into the numbered boxes. Paragraphs B and D have been correctly placed. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

122.The first published sketch, “A Dinner at Poplar Walk” brought tears to  Dickens’s eyes when he discovered it in the pages of The Monthly Magazine. From then on his sketches, which appeared under the pen name “Boz” in The Evening Chronicle, earned him a modest reputation.

123.The runaway success of The Pickwick Papers, as it is generally known today, secured Dickens’s fame. There were Pickwick coats and Pickwick cigars, and  the plump, spectacled hero, Samuel Pickwick, became a national figure.

124.Soon after Sketches by Boz appeared, a publishing firm approached Dickens to write a story in monthly installments, as a backdrop for a series of woodcuts  by the then-famous artist Robert Seymour, who had originated the idea for the story. With characteristic confidence, Dickens successfully insisted that Seymour’s pictures illustrate his own story instead. After the first installment, Dickens wrote to the artist and asked  him to correct  a drawing  Dickens  felt was not faithful enough to his prose. Seymour made the change, went into his backyard, and expressed his displeasure by committing suicide.  Dickens  and his publishers simply pressed on with a new artist. The comic novel, The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, appeared serially in 1836 and 1837 and was first published in book form in 1837.

125.Charles Dickens is probably the best-known and, to many people, the greatest English novelist of the 19th century. A moralist, satirist, and social reformer, Dickens crafted complex plots and striking characters that  capture  the panorama of English society.

126.Soon after his father’s release from prison, Dickens got a better job as errand  boy in law offices. He taught himself shorthand to get an even better job later   as a court stenographer and as a reporter in Parliament. At the same time, Dickens, who had a reporter’s eye for transcribing the life around him, especially anything comic or odd, submitted short sketches to obscure magazines.

127.Dickens was born in Portsmouth, on England’s  southern coast. His father was     a clerk in the British Navy pay office – a respectable position, but with little social status. His paternal grandparents, a steward and a housekeeper,  possessed even less status, having been servants, and Dickens later concealed their background.Dickens’s mother supposedly came from a more respectable family. Yet two years before Dickens’s birth, his mother’s father was caught stealing and fled to Europe,  never  to  return.  The  family’s increasing poverty forced Dickens out of school at age 12 to work in Warren’s Blacking Warehouse, a shoe-polish factory, where the other working boys mocked him as “the young gentleman.” His father was  then  imprisoned  for debt. The humiliations of his father’s imprisonment and his labor in  the  blacking factory formed Dickens’s greatest wound and became his deepest  secret. He could not confide them even to his wife, although they provide the unacknowledged foundation of his fiction.

128.After Pickwick, Dickens plunged into a bleaker world. In Oliver Twist, he traces an orphan’s progress from the workhouse to the criminal slums of London. Nicholas Nickleby, his next novel, combines the darkness of Oliver Twis t with th e sunlig ht of Pickwick. Th e popu lar ity of th ese novels consolidated Dickens’ as a nationally and internationally celebrated  man  of letters.





→	→	→	→	→	→


Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

　　　The growth of the use of English as the world’s primary language for international communication has obviously been continuing for several decades.
[AI]But even as the number of English speakers expands  further there  are signs  that the global predominance of the language may fade within the foreseeable future.
　　　Complex international, economic, technological and cultural changes  could start to diminish the leading position of English as the language of  the  world  market, and UK interests which enjoy advantage  from  the  breadth  of  English  usage would consequently face new pressures. Those realistic possibilities are highlighted in the study presented by David Graddol. (47) His analysis should therefore end any self-contentedness among those who may believe that the global position of English is so stable that the young generations of  the  United  Kingdom do not need additional language capabilities.
　　　David Graddol concludes that monoglot English graduates face a bleak economic future as qualified multilingual youngsters from other countries are proving to have a competitive advantage over their British counterparts in global companies and organisations. Alongside that, (48) many countries are introducing English into the primary-school curriculum  but  British  schoolchildren  and  students do not appear to be gaining greater encouragement to achieve fluency in other languages.
　　　If left to themselves, such trends will diminish the relative strength of the English language in international education markets as the demand for educational resources in languages, such as Spanish, Arabic or Mandarin grows and  international business process outsourcing in other languages such as Japanese, French and German, spreads.
　　　?The changes identified by David Graddol all present clear and major challenges to the UK’s providers of English language teaching to people of other countries and to broader education  business  sectors.  The English language teaching sector directly earns nearly ￡1.3 billion for  the UK in invisible  exports  and our other education related exports earn up to ￡10 billion a year more. As the international education market expands, the recent slowdown in the numbers of international students studying in the main English-speaking countries is likely to continue, especially if there are no effective strategic policies to prevent such slippage.
The anticipation of possible shifts in demand provided by this study is significant:
?It gives a basis to all organisations which seek to  promote the  learning and use of English, a basis for  planning  to meet the possibilities of what  could  be a  very different operating environment. That is a  necessary  and  practical  approach. In this as in much else, those who wish to influence the future must prepare for it.

Section III	Writing


Part A
66.Directions:
　　　You are to write an email to James Cook, a  newly-arrived  Australian  professor, recommending some tourist attractions in your city. Please give reasons  for your recommendation.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the email. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)


Part B
67.Directions:
　　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following pictures. In  your  essay, you should
?describe the pictures briefly,
?interpret the meaning, and 3）give your comments.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)













“有书”与 “读书”

　　　　　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　　　　　2017年英语一真题答案

Section Ⅰ Use of  English

1.B        2.A       3.D       4.C       5.B       6.D       7.B       8.C      9.A      10.D

11.A     12.B     13.D     14.B     15.C     16.A     17.C     18.A     19.C     20.D 



SectionⅡ	Reading Comprehension

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part A
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
Text 1	21~25	A C D D C	Text 2	26~30	B A B A D
Text 3	31~35	D B D C A	Text 4	36~40	C C A B D
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　                                  Part B 
　　　　　　　　　　　
41.F   42.E   43.A   44.C   45.G
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part C 
46. 尽管讲英语的人数在进一步增加，但有迹象显示这一语言的全球统治地位在可预见的未来可能会衰落。

47. 因此，他的分析会让一些人再也无法自满，这些人或许认为英语的全球地位十分稳固，从而英国的年轻人无需额外的语言能力。

48. 许多国家都在把英语纳入小学课程，英国的大、中、小学生却似乎没有得到更多的鼓励去熟练掌握其他语言。

49. 大卫·格拉多尔所指出的这些变化都对向其他国家的人提供英语教学的英国个人和组织机构乃至更广泛的教育产业领域构成明确的、重大的挑战。

50. 它为旨在促进英语学习和使用的所有组织机构提供了一个基础，该基础用于规划应对由一种或许会很不一样的运作环境所带来的各种可能。

Section III	Writing

51、52 略



绝密★启用前



2018 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


41.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
42.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
43.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
44.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
45.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	


Section Ⅰ Use of  English


Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

　　　Trust is a tricky business. On the one hand, it’s a necessary condition     1      many worthwhile things: child care, friendships, etc. On the other hand, putting your    2   in the wrong place often carries a high      3     .
　　　    4   , why do we trust at all? Well, because it feels good.    5    people place their trust in an individual or an institution, their brains release oxytocin, a hormone that   6   pleasurable  feelings  and triggers  the herding  instinct that  prompts   humans to   7    with one another.  Scientists have found that exposure   8   this   hormone puts us in a trusting  9  : In a Swiss study, researchers sprayed oxytocin into the noses of half the subjects; those subjects were ready to lend significantly higher amounts of money to strangers than were their    10    who inhaled something else.
　　　    11   for us, we also have a sixth sense for dishonesty that may   12   us. A Canadian study found that children as young as 14 months can differentiate   13    a credible person and a dishonest one. Sixty toddlers were each    14    to an adult   tester holding a plastic container. The tester would ask, “What’s in here?” before looking into the container, smiling, and exclaiming, “Wow!” Each subject was then invited to look    15    . Half of them found  a  toy;  the other half    16    the    container was empty – and realized the tester had    17     them.
　　　Among the children who had not been tricked, the majority were   18   to  cooperate with the tester in learning a new skill, demonstrating that they trusted his leadership.   19  ,  only five of the 30 children paired with the “  20  ” tester  participated in a follow-up activity.






115.[A] on
116.[A] faith	[B] like
[B] concern	[C] for
[C] attention	[D] from
[D] interest
3. [A] benefit	[B] debt	[C] hope	[D] price
4. [A] Therefore	[B] Then	[C] Instead	[D] Again
5. [A] Until	[B] Unless	[C] Although	[D] When
6. [A] selects	[B] produces	[C] applies	[D] maintains
7. [A] consult	[B] compete	[C] connect	[D] compare
8. [A] at	[B] by	[C] of	[D] to
9. [A] context	[B] mood	[C] period	[D] circle
10. [A] counterparts	[B] substitutes	[C] colleagues	[D] supporters
11. [A] Funny	[B] Lucky	[C] Odd	[D] Ironic
12. [A] monitor	[B] protect	[C] surprise	[D] delight
13. [A] between	[B] within	[C] toward	[D] over
14. [A] transferred	[B] added	[C] introduced	[D] entrusted
15. [A] out	[B] back	[C] around	[D] inside
16. [A] discovered	[B] proved	[C] insisted	[D] remembered
17. [A] betrayed	[B] wronged	[C] fooled	[D] mocked
18. [A] forced	[B] willing	[C] hesitant	[D] entitled
19. [A] In contrast	[B] As a result	[C] On the whole	[D] For instance
20. [A] inflexible	[B] incapable	[C] unreliable	[D] unsuitable



Section Ⅱ Reading Comprehension
Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)




Text 1

　　　Among the annoying challenges facing the middle class is one that will probably go unmentioned in the next presidential campaign: What happens when the robots come for their jobs?
　　　Don’t dismiss that possibility entirely. About half of U.S. jobs are at high risk of being automated, according to a University of Oxford study, with the middle class disproportionately squeezed. Lower-income jobs like gardening or day care don’t appeal to robots. But many middle-class occupations – trucking, financial advice, software engineering – have aroused their interest, or soon will. The rich own the robots, so they will be fine.
　　　This isn’t to be alarmist. Optimists point out that technological upheaval has benefited workers in the past. The Industrial Revolution didn’t go so well for Luddites whose jobs were displaced by mechanized looms, but it eventually raised living standards and created more jobs than it destroyed. Likewise, automation should eventually boost productivity, stimulate demand by driving down prices, and free workers from hard, boring work. But in the medium term, middle-class workers may need a lot of help adjusting.
　　　The first step, as Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee argue in The Second Machine Age, should be rethinking education and job training. Curriculums – from grammar school to college – should evolve to focus less on memorizing facts and more on creativity and complex communication. Vocational schools should do  a better job of fostering problem-solving skills and helping students work alongside robots. Online education can supplement the traditional kind. It could make extra training and instruction affordable. Professionals trying to acquire new skills will be able to do so without going into debt.
　　　The challenge of coping with automation underlines the need for the U.S. to revive its fading business dynamism: Starting new companies must be made easier. In previous eras of drastic technological change, entrepreneurs smoothed the transition by dreaming up ways to combine labor and machines. The best uses of 3D printers and virtual reality haven’t been invented yet. The U.S. needs the new companies that will invent them.
　　　Finally, because automation threatens to widen the gap between capital income and labor income, taxes and the safety net will have to be rethought. Taxes on low-wage labor need to be cut, and wage subsidies such as the earned income tax credit should be expanded: This would boost incomes, encourage work, reward companies for job creation, and reduce inequality.
　　　Technology will improve society in ways big and small over the next few years, yet this will be little comfort to those who find their lives and careers upended by automation. Destroying the machines that are coming for our jobs would be nuts. But policies to help workers adapt will be indispensable.
　　　
　　　

129.Who will be most threatened by automation?
[A]Leading politicians.
[B]Low-wage laborers.
[C]Robot owners.
[D]Middle-class workers.


130.Which of the following best represents the author’s view?
[A]Worries about automation are in fact groundless.
[B]Optimists’ opinions on new tech find little support.
[C]Issues arising from automation need to be tackled.
[D]Negative consequences of new tech can be avoided.


131.Education in the age of automation should put more emphasis on
[A]creative potential.
[B]job-hunting skills.
[C]individual needs.
[D]cooperative spirit.


132.The author suggests that tax policies be aimed at
[A]encouraging the development of automation.
[B]increasing the return on capital investment.
[C]easing the hostility between rich and poor.
[D]preventing the income gap from widening.


133.In this text, the author presents a problem with
[A]opposing views on it.
[B]possible solutions to it.
[C]its alarming impacts.
[D]its major variations.







Text 2

　　　A new survey by Harvard University finds more than two-thirds of young Americans disapprove of President Trump’s use of Twitter. The implication is that Millennials prefer news from the White House to be filtered through other sources, not a president’s social media platform.
　　　Most Americans rely on social media to check daily headlines. Yet as distrust has risen toward all media, people may be starting to beef up their media literacy skills. Such a trend is badly needed. During the 2016 presidential campaign, nearly a quarter of web content shared by Twitter users in the politically critical state of Michigan was fake news, according to the University of Oxford. And a survey conducted for BuzzFeed News found 44 percent of Facebook users rarely or never trust news from the media giant.
　　　Young people who are digital natives are indeed becoming more skillful at separating fact from fiction in cyberspace. A Knight Foundation focus-group survey of young people between ages 14 and 24 found they use “distributed trust” to verify stories. They cross-check sources and prefer news from different perspectives – especially those that are open about any bias. “Many young people assume a great deal of personal responsibility for educating themselves and actively seeking out opposing viewpoints,” the survey concluded.
　　　Such active research can have another effect. A 2014 survey conducted in Australia, Britain, and the United States by the University of Wisconsin-Madison found that young people’s reliance on social media led to greater political engagement.
　　　Social media allows users to experience news events more intimately and immediately while also permitting them to re-share news as a projection of their values and interests. This forces users to be more conscious of their role in passing along information. A survey by Barna research group found the top reason given by Americans for the fake news phenomenon is “reader error,” more so than made-up stories or factual mistakes in reporting. About a third say the problem of fake news lies in “misinterpretation or exaggeration of actual news” via social media. In other words, the choice to share news on social media may be the heart of the issue. “This indicates there is a real personal responsibility in counteracting this problem,” says Roxanne Stone, editor in chief at Barna Group.
　　　So when young people are critical of an over-tweeting president, they reveal a mental discipline in thinking skills – and in their choices on when to share on social media.




134.According to Paragraphs 1 and 2, many young Americans cast doubts on
[A]the justification of the news-filtering practice.
[B]people’s preference for social media platforms.
[C]the administration’s ability to handle information.
[D]social media as a reliable source of news.


135.The phrase “beef up” (Line 2, Para. 2) is closest in meaning to
[A]sharpen.
[B]define.
[C]boast.
[D]share.


136.According to the Knight Foundation survey, young people
[A]tend to voice their opinions in cyberspace.
[B]verify news by referring to diverse sources.
[C]have a strong sense of responsibility.
[D]like to exchange views on “distributed trust”.


137.The Barna survey found that a main cause for the fake news problem is
[A]readers’ outdated values.
[B]journalists’ biased reporting.
[C]readers’ misinterpretation.
[D]journalists’ made-up stories.


138.Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
[A]A Rise in Critical Skills for Sharing News Online.
[B]A Counteraction Against the Over-tweeting Trend.
[C]The Accumulation of Mutual Trust on Social Media.
[D]The Platforms for Projection of Personal Interests.






Text 3


　　　Any fair-minded assessment of the dangers of the deal between Britain’s National Health Service (NHS) and DeepMind must start by acknowledging that both sides mean well. DeepMind is one of the leading artificial intelligence (AI)  companies in the world. The potential of this work applied to healthcare is very great, but it could also lead to further concentration of power in the tech giants. It is against that background that the information commissioner, Elizabeth Denham, has issued her damning verdict against the Royal Free hospital trust under the NHS, which handed over to DeepMind the records of 1.6 million patients in 2015 on the basis of a vague agreement which took far too little account of the patients’ rights and their expectations of privacy.
　　　DeepMind has almost apologized. The NHS trust has mended its ways. Further arrangements – and there may be many – between the NHS and DeepMind will be carefully scrutinised to ensure that all necessary permissions have been asked of patients and all unnecessary data has been cleaned. There are lessons about informed patient consent to learn. But privacy is not the only angle in this case and not even the most important. Ms Denham chose to concentrate the blame on the NHS trust, since under existing law it “controlled” the data and DeepMind merely “processed” it. But this distinction misses the point that it is processing and aggregation, not the mere possession of bits, that gives the data value.
　　　The great question is who should benefit from the analysis of all the data that our lives now generate. Privacy law builds on the concept of damage to an individual from identifiable knowledge about them. That misses the way the surveillance economy works. The data of an individual there gains its value only when it is compared with the data of countless millions more.
　　　The use of privacy law to curb the tech giants in this instance feels slightly maladapted. This practice does not address the real worry. It is not enough to say that the algorithms DeepMind develops will benefit patients and save lives. What matters is that they will belong to a private monopoly which developed them using public resources. If software promises to save lives on the scale that drugs now can, big data may be expected to behave as a big pharma has done. We are still at the beginning of this revolution and small choices now may turn out to have gigantic consequences later. A long struggle will be needed to avoid a future of digital feudalism. Ms Denham’s report is a welcome start.



139.What is true of the agreement between the NHS and DeepMind?
[A]It caused conflicts among tech giants.
[B]It failed to pay due attention to patients’ rights.
[C]It fell short of the latter’s expectations.
[D]It put both sides into a dangerous situation.


140.The NHS trust responded to Denham’s verdict with
[A]empty promises.
[B]tough resistance.
[C]necessary adjustments.
[D]sincere apologies.


141.The author argues in Paragraph 2 that
[A]privacy protection must be secured at all costs.
[B]leaking patients’ data is worse than selling it.
[C]making profits from patients’ data is illegal.
[D]the value of data comes from the processing of it.


142.According to the last paragraph, the real worry arising from this deal is
[A]the vicious rivalry among big pharmas.
[B]the ineffective enforcement of privacy law.
[C]the uncontrolled use of new software.
[D]the monopoly of big data by tech giants.


143.The author’s attitude toward the application of AI to healthcare is
[A]ambiguous.
[B]cautious.
[C]appreciative.
[D]contemptuous.





Text 4


　　　The U.S. Postal Service (USPS) continues to bleed red ink. It reported a net loss of $5.6 billion for fiscal 2016, the 10th straight year its expenses have exceeded revenue. Meanwhile, it has more than $120 billion in unfunded liabilities, mostly for employee health and retirement costs. There are many reasons this formerly stable federal institution finds itself at the brink of bankruptcy. Fundamentally, the USPS is in a historic squeeze between technological change that has permanently decreased demand for its bread-and-butter product, first-class mail, and a regulatory structure that denies management the flexibility to adjust its operations to the new reality.
　　　And interest groups ranging from postal unions to greeting-card makers exert self-interested pressure on the USPS’s ultimate overseer – Congress – insisting that whatever else happens to the Postal Service, aspects of the status quo they depend on get protected. This is why repeated attempts at reform legislation have failed in recent years, leaving the Postal Service unable to pay its bills except by deferring vital modernization.
　　　Now comes word that everyone involved – Democrats, Republicans, the Postal Service, the unions and the system’s heaviest users – has finally agreed on a plan to  fix the system. Legislation is moving through the House that would save USPS an estimated $28.6 billion over five years, which could help pay for new  vehicles, among other survival measures. Most of the money would come from a penny-per-letter permanent rate increase and from shifting postal retirees into Medicare. The latter step would largely offset the financial burden of annually pre-funding retiree health care, thus addressing a long-standing complaint by the USPS and its unions.
　　　If it clears the House, this measure would still have to get through the Senate – where someone is bound to point out that it amounts to the bare, bare minimum necessary to keep the Postal Service afloat, not comprehensive reform. There’s no change to collective bargaining at the USPS, a major omission considering that personnel accounts for 80 percent of the agency’s costs. Also missing is any discussion of eliminating Saturday letter delivery. That common-sense change enjoys wide public support and would save the USPS $2 billion per year. But postal special-interest groups seem to have killed it, at least in the House. The emerging consensus around the bill is a sign that legislators are getting frightened about a politically embarrassing short-term collapse at the USPS. It is not, however, a sign that they’re getting serious about transforming the postal system for the 21st century.





144.The financial problem with the USPS is caused partly by
[A]its unbalanced budget.
[B]its rigid management.
[C]the cost for technical upgrading.
[D]the withdrawal of bank support.


145.According to Paragraph 2, the USPS fails to modernize itself due to
[A]the interference from interest groups.
[B]the inadequate funding from Congress.
[C]the shrinking demand for postal service.
[D]the incompetence of postal unions.


146.The long-standing complaint by the USPS and its unions can be addressed by
[A]removing its burden of retiree health care.
[B]making more investment in new vehicles.
[C]adopting a new rate-increase mechanism.
[D]attracting more first-class mail users.


147.In the last paragraph, the author seems to view legislators with
[A]respect.
[B]tolerance.
[C]discontent.
[D]gratitude.


148.Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
[A]The USPS Starts to Miss Its Good Old Days.
[B]The Postal Service: Keep Away from My Cheese.
[C]The USPS: Chronic Illness Requires a Quick Cure.
[D]The Postal Service Needs More Than a Band-Aid.







Part B Directions:
The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For Questions 41-45, you are required to reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent article by choosing from the list A-G and filling them into the numbered boxes. Paragraphs C and F have been correctly placed. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

[AJ]In December of 1869, Congress appointed a commission to select a site and prepare plans and cost estimates for a new State Department Building. The commission was also to consider possible arrangements for the War and Navy Departments. To the horror of some who expected a Greek Revival twin of the Treasury Building to be erected on the other side of the White House, the elaborate French Second Empire style design by Alfred Mullett was selected, and construction of a building to house all three departments began in June of 1871.

[AK]Completed in 1875, the State Department’s south wing was the first to be occupied, with its elegant four-story library (completed in 1876), Diplomatic Reception Room, and Secretary’s office decorated with carved wood, Oriental rugs, and stenciled wall patterns. The Navy Department moved into the east wing in 1879, where elaborate wall and ceiling stenciling and marquetry floors decorated the office of the Secretary.

[AL]The State, War, and Navy Building, as it was originally known, housed the three Executive Branch Departments most intimately associated with formulating and conducting the nation’s foreign policy in the last quarter of the nineteenth century and the first quarter of the twentieth century – the period when the United States emerged as an international power. The building has housed some of the nation’s most significant diplomats and politicians and has been the scene of many  historic events.

[AM]Many of the most celebrated national figures have participated in historical events that have taken place within the EEOB’s granite walls. Theodore and Franklin D. Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, Dwight D. Eisenhower, Lyndon B. Johnson, Gerald Ford, and George H. W. Bush all had offices in this building before


becoming president. It has housed 16 Secretaries of the Navy, 21 Secretaries of War, and 24 Secretaries of State. Winston Churchill once walked its corridors and Japanese emissaries met here with Secretary of State Cordell Hull after the bombing of Pearl Harbor.

[AN]The Eisenhower Executive Office Building (EEOB) commands a unique position in both the national history and the architectural heritage of the United States. Designed by Supervising Architect of the Treasury, Alfred B. Mullett, it was built from 1871 to 1888 to house the growing staffs of the State, War, and Navy Departments, and is considered one of the best examples of French Second Empire architecture in the country.

[AO]Construction took 17 years as the building slowly rose wing by wing. When the EEOB was finished, it was the largest office building in Washington, with nearly 2 miles of black and white tiled corridors. Almost all of the interior detail is of cast iron or plaster; the use of wood was minimized to insure fire safety. Eight monumental curving staircases of granite with over 4,000 individually cast bronze balusters are capped by four skylight domes and two stained glass rotundas.

[AP]The history of the EEOB began long before its foundations were laid. The first executive offices were constructed between 1799 and 1820. A series of fires (including those set by the British in 1814) and overcrowded conditions led to the construction of the existing Treasury Building. In 1866, the construction of the North Wing of the Treasury Building necessitated the demolition of the State Department building.






→	→	→	→	→	→









Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Write your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)


　　　Shakespeare’s lifetime was coincident with a period of extraordinary activity and achievement in the drama. (46) By the date of his birth Europe was witnessing the passing of the religious drama, and the creation of new forms under the incentive of classical tragedy and comedy. These new forms were at first mainly written by scholars and performed by amateurs, but in England, as everywhere else in western Europe, the growth of a class of professional actors was threatening to make the drama popular, whether it should be new or old, classical or medieval, literary or farcical. Court, school, organizations of amateurs, and the traveling actors were all rivals in supplying a widespread desire for dramatic entertainment; and (47) no boy who went to a grammar school could be ignorant that the drama was a form of literature which gave glory to Greece and Rome and might yet bring honor to England.
　　　When Shakespeare was twelve years old the first public playhouse was built in London. For a time literature showed no interest in this public stage. Plays aiming at literary distinction were written for schools or court, or for the choir boys of St.Paul’s and the royal chapel, who, however, gave plays in public as well as at court. (48) But the professional companies prospered in their permanent theaters, and university men with literary ambitions were quick to turn to these theaters as offering a means of livelihood. By the time that Shakespeare was twenty-five, Lyly, Peele, and Greene  had made comedies that were at once popular and literary; Kyd had written a tragedy that crowded the pit; and Marlowe had brought poetry and genius to triumph on the common stage – where they had played no part since the death of Euripides. (49) A native literary drama had been created, its alliance with the public playhouses established, and at least some of its great traditions had been begun.
　　　The development of the Elizabethan drama for the next twenty-five years is of exceptional interest to students of literary history, for in this brief period we may trace the beginning, growth, blossoming, and decay of many kinds of plays, and of many great careers. We are amazed today at the mere number of plays produced, as well as by the number of dramatists writing at the same time for this London of two hundred thousand inhabitants. (50) To realize how great was the dramatic activity, we must remember further that hosts of plays have been lost, and that probably there is no author of note whose entire work has survived.




Section  Ⅲ Writing

Part A
68.Directions:
　　　Write an email to all international experts on campus inviting them to attend the graduation ceremony. In your email you should include time, place and other relevant information about the ceremony.
You should write about 100 words neatly on the ANSWER SHEET.
　　　Do not use your own name at the end of the email. Use “Li Ming” instead. (10 points)

Part B
69.Directions:
　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the picture below. In your essay, you should
?describe the picture briefly,
?interpret the meaning, and
?give your comments.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET.（20 points）

选课进行时



2018年英语一真题答案

Section Ⅰ Use of  English

1.C        2.A       3.D       4.B       5.D       6.B       7.C       8.D      9.B      10.A

11.B     12.B     13.A     14.C     15.D     16.A     17.C     18.B     19.A     20.C



SectionⅡ	Reading Comprehension

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part A
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
Text 1	21~25	D C A D B	Text 2	26~30	D A B C A
Text 3	31~35	B C D D B	Text 4	36~40	B A A C D
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part B
　　　　　　　　　　　
41.E    42.G    43.A   44.B   45.D
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part C
46.  他出生时，欧洲正见证着宗教剧的消亡，以及在古典悲剧和喜剧启发之下新型戏剧形式的诞生。

47.凡是文法学校的学童就不会不知道，戏剧这种文学形式曾给希腊和罗马带来辉煌，或也将为英国带来荣耀。

48.但是专业剧团在他们的固定剧场里蓬勃发是，而大学里有文学抱负的人们迅速转向这些剧场，视其为一种谋生手段。

49.一种本土的文学戏剧已然形成。它与公共剧场的联盟已然建立，它的伟大传统中至少有一部分也已然开启。

50.要明白当时的戏剧活动是何等繁荣，我们还必须记住，大量剧作都已散失，恐怕没有哪位知名作家的全部作品幸存至今。

　　　Section III	Writing
51、52 略


绝密★启用前



2019 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


46.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
47.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
48.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
49.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
50.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

2019年全国硕士研究生招生考试英语（一）试题
Section Ⅰ Use of  English


Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

　　　Today we live in a world where GPS systems, digital maps, and other navigation apps are available on our smartphones.     1    of us just walk straight into the woods without a phone. But phones    2    on batteries, and batteries can die faster than we realize.    3    you  get  lost without a phone or a  compass,  and you    4   can’t find north, we have a few tricks to help you navigate    5    to civilization, one of which is  to follow the land.
　　　When you find yourself well     6     a trail, but not in a completely    7     area, you  have to answer two questions: Which     8    is downhill,  in this particular area? And where is the nearest water source? Humans overwhelmingly live in valleys, and on supplies of fresh water.      9     , if you head downhill, and follow any H2O you find, you should    10    see signs of people.
　　　If you’ve explored the area before, keep an eye out for familiar sights – you may be    11     how quickly identifying a distinctive rock or tree can restore your bearings.
　　　Another   12   : Climb high and look for  signs of human habitation.    13    ,  even in dense forest, you should be able to   14    gaps in the tree line due to roads,   train  tracks,   and  other  paths   people  carve    15    the  woods.  Head  toward  these    16   to find a way out. At night, scan the horizon for   17    light sources, such as fires and streetlights, then walk toward the glow of light pollution.
　　　     18   , assuming you’re  lost  in  an area  humans  tend  to  frequent, look  for the      19     we leave on the landscape. Trail blazes, tire tracks, and other features   can    20    you to civilization.

117.[A] Some
118.[A] put
119.[A] Since
120.[A] formally	[B] Most
[B] take
[B] If
[B] relatively	[C] Few
[C] run
[C] Though
[C] gradually	[D] All
[D] come
[D] Until
[D] literally
5. [A] back	[B] next	[C] around	[D] away
6. [A] onto	[B] off	[C] across	[D] alone
7. [A] unattractive	[B] uncrowded	[C] unchanged	[D] unfamiliar
8. [A] site	[B] point	[C] way	[D] place
9. [A] So	[B] Yet	[C] Instead	[D] Besides
10. [A] immediately	[B] intentionally	[C] unexpectedly	[D] eventually
11. [A] surprised	[B] annoyed	[C] frightened	[D] confused
12. [A] problem	[B] option	[C] view	[D] result
13. [A] Above all	[B] In contrast	[C] On average	[D] For example
14. [A] bridge	[B] avoid	[C] spot	[D] separate
15. [A] from	[B] through	[C] beyond	[D] under
16. [A] posts	[B] links	[C] shades	[D] breaks
17. [A] artificial	[B] mysterious	[C] hidden	[D] limited
18. [A] Finally	[B] Consequently	[C] Incidentally	[D] Generally
19. [A] memories	[B] marks	[C] notes	[D] belongings
20. [A] restrict	[B] adopt	[C] lead	[D] expose





SectionⅡ	Reading Comprehension


Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)

Text 1
　　　Financial regulators in Britain have imposed a rather unusual rule on the bosses of big banks. Starting next year, any guaranteed bonus of top executives could be delayed 10 years if their banks are under investigation for wrongdoing. The main purpose of this “clawback” rule is to hold bankers accountable for harmful risk-taking and to restore public trust in financial institutions. Yet officials also hope for a much larger benefit: more long-term decisionmaking, not only by banks but by all corporations, to build a stronger economy for future generations.
　　　“Short-termism” or the desire for quick profits, has worsened in publicly traded companies, says the Bank of England’s top economist, Andrew Haldane. He quotes a giant of classical economics, Alfred Marshall, in describing this financial impatience as acting like “children who pick the plums out of their pudding to eat them at once” rather than putting them aside to be eaten last.
　　　The average time for holding a stock in both the United States and Britain, he notes, has dropped from seven years to seven months in recent decades. Transient investors, who demand high quarterly profits from companies, can hinder a firm’s efforts to invest in long-term research or to build up customer loyalty. This has been dubbed “quarterly capitalism.”
　　　In addition, new digital technologies have allowed more rapid trading of equities, quicker use of information, and thus shorter attention spans in financial markets. “There seems to be a predominance of short-term thinking at the  expense  of long-term investing,” said Commissioner Daniel Gallagher of the US Securities and Exchange Commission in a speech this week.
　　　In the US, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has pushed most public companies to defer performance bonuses for senior executives by about a year, slightly helping reduce “short-termism.” In its latest survey of CEO pay, The Wall Street Journal finds that “a substantial part” of executive pay is now tied to performance.
　　　Much more could be done to encourage “long-termism,” such as changes in the tax code and quicker disclosure of stock acquisitions. In France, shareholders who hold onto a company investment for at least two years can sometimes earn more voting rights in a company.
　　　Within companies, the right compensation design can provide incentives for executives to think beyond their own time at the company and on behalf of all stakeholders. Britain’s new rule is a reminder to bankers that society has an interest in their performance, not just for the short term but for the long term.


149.According to Paragraph 1, one motive in imposing the new rule is to
[A]enhance bankers’ sense of responsibility.
[B]help corporations achieve larger profits.
[C]build a new system of financial regulation.
[D]guarantee the bonuses of top executives.


150.Alfred Marshall is quoted to indicate
[A]the conditions for generating quick profits.
[B]governments’ impatience in decision-making.
[C]the solid structure of publicly traded companies.
[D]“short-termism” in economic activities.


151.It is argued that the influence of transient investment on public companies can be
[A]indirect.
[B]adverse.
[C]minimal.
[D]temporary.


152.The US and France examples are used to illustrate
[A]the obstacles to preventing “short-termism”.
[B]the significance of long-term thinking.
[C]the approaches to promoting “long-termism”.
[D]the prevalence of short-term thinking.


153.Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
[A]Failure of Quarterly Capitalism
[B]Patience as a Corporate Virtue
[C]Decisiveness Required of Top Executives
[D]Frustration of Risk-taking Bankers

Text 2

　　　Grade inflation – the gradual increase in average GPAs (grade-point averages) over the past few decades – is often considered a product of a consumer era in higher education, in which students are treated like customers to be pleased. But another, related force – a policy often buried deep in course catalogs called “grade forgiveness” – is helping raise GPAs.
　　　Grade forgiveness allows students to retake a course in which they received a low grade, and the most recent grade or the highest grade is the only one that counts  in calculating a student’s overall GPA.
　　　The use of this little-known practice has accelerated in recent years, as colleges continue to do their utmost to keep students in school (and paying tuition) and improve their graduation rates. When this practice first started decades ago, it was usually limited to freshmen, to give them a second chance to take a class in their first year if they struggled in their transition to college-level courses. But now most colleges, save for many selective campuses, allow all undergraduates, and even graduate students, to get their low grades forgiven.
　　　College officials tend to emphasize that the goal of grade forgiveness is less about the grade itself and more about encouraging students to retake courses critical  to their degree program and graduation without incurring a big penalty. “Ultimately,” said Jack Miner, Ohio State University’s registrar, “we see students achieve more success because they retake a course and do better in subsequent courses or master  the content that allows them to graduate on time.”
　　　That said, there is a way in which grade forgiveness satisfies colleges’ own needs as well. For public institutions, state funds are sometimes tied partly to their success on metrics such as graduation rates and student retention – so better grades can, by boosting figures like those, mean more money. And anything that  raises  GPAs  will  likely  make students – who, at the end of the day, are paying the bill – feel they’ve gotten a better value for their tuition dollars, which is another big concern for colleges.
　　　Indeed, grade forgiveness is just another way that universities are responding to consumers’ expectations for higher education. Since students and parents expect a college degree to lead to a job, it is in the best interest of a school to turn out  graduates who are as qualified as possible – or at least appear to be. On this, students’ and colleges’ incentives seem to be aligned.


154.What is commonly regarded as the cause of grade inflation?
[A]The change of course catalogs.
[B]Students’ indifference to GPAs.
[C]Colleges’ neglect of GPAs.
[D]The influence of consumer culture.


155.What was the original purpose of grade forgiveness?
[A]To help freshmen adapt to college learning.
[B]To maintain colleges’ graduation rates.
[C]To prepare graduates for a challenging future.
[D]To increase universities’ income from tuition.


156.According to Paragraph 5, grade forgiveness enables colleges to
[A]obtain more financial support.
[B]boost their student enrollments.
[C]improve their teaching quality.
[D]meet local governments’ needs.


157.What does the phrase “to be aligned” (Line 5, Para. 6) most probably mean?
[A]To counterbalance each other.
[B]To complement each other.
[C]To be identical with each other.
[D]To be contradictory to each other.


158.The author examines the practice of grade forgiveness by
[A]assessing its feasibility.
[B]analyzing the causes behind it.
[C]comparing different views on it.
[D]listing its long-run effects.

Text 3

　　This year marks exactly two centuries since the publication of “Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus,” by Mary Shelley. Even before the invention of the electric light bulb, the author produced a remarkable work of speculative fiction that would foreshadow many ethical questions to be raised by technologies yet to come.
　　Today the rapid growth of artificial intelligence (AI) raises fundamental questions: “What is intelligence, identity, or consciousness? What makes humans humans? ”
　　What is being called artificial general intelligence, machines that would imitate the way humans think, continues to evade scientists. Yet humans remain fascinated by the idea of robots that would look, move, and respond like humans, similar to those recently depicted on popular sci-fi TV series such as “Westworld” and “Humans.”
　　Just how people think is still far too complex to be understood, let alone reproduced, says David Eagleman, a Stanford University neuroscientist. “We are just in a situation where there are no good theories explaining what consciousness actually is and how you could ever build a machine to get there.”
　　But that doesn’t mean crucial ethical issues involving AI aren’t at hand. The coming use of autonomous vehicles, for example, poses thorny ethical questions. Human drivers sometimes must make split-second decisions. Their reactions may be  a complex combination of instant reflexes, input from past driving experiences, and what their eyes and ears tell them in that moment. AI “vision” today is not nearly as sophisticated as that of humans. And to anticipate every imaginable driving situation is a difficult programming problem.
　　Whenever decisions are based on masses of data, “you quickly get into a lot of ethical questions,” notes Tan Kiat How, chief executive of a Singapore-based agency that is helping the government develop a voluntary code for the ethical use of AI. Along with Singapore, other governments and mega-corporations are beginning to establish their own guidelines. Britain is setting up a data ethics center. India released its AI ethics strategy this spring.
　　On June 7 Google pledged not to “design or deploy AI” that would cause “overall harm,” or to develop AI-directed weapons or use AI for surveillance that would violate international norms. It also pledged not to deploy AI whose use would violate international laws or human rights.
　　While the statement is vague, it represents one starting point. So does the idea that decisions made by AI systems should be explainable, transparent, and fair.
　　To put it another way: How can we make sure that the thinking of intelligent machines reflects humanity’s highest values? Only then will they be useful servants and not Frankenstein’s out-of-control monster.


159.Mary Shelley’s novel Frankenstein is mentioned because it
[A]fascinates AI scientists all over the world.
[B]has remained popular for as long as 200 years.
[C]involves some concerns raised by AI today.
[D]has sparked serious ethical controversies.


160.In David Eagleman’s opinion, our current knowledge of consciousness
[A]helps explain artificial intelligence.
[B]can be misleading to robot making.
[C]inspires popular sci-fi TV series.
[D]is too limited for us to reproduce it.


161.The solution to the ethical issues brought by autonomous vehicles
[A]can hardly ever be found.
[B]is still beyond our capacity.
[C]causes little public concern.
[D]has aroused much curiosity.


162.The author’s attitude toward Google’s pledges is one of
[A]affirmation.
[B]skepticism.
[C]contempt.
[D]respect.


163.Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
[A]AI’s Future: In the Hands of Tech Giants
[B]Frankenstein, the Novel Predicting the Age of AI
[C]The Conscience of AI: Complex But Inevitable
[D]AI Shall Be Killers Once Out of Control

Text 4

　　　States will be able to force more people to pay sales tax when they make online purchases under a Supreme Court decision Thursday that will leave shoppers with lighter wallets but is a big financial win for states.
　　　The Supreme Court’s opinion Thursday overruled a pair of decades-old decisions that states said cost them billions of dollars in lost revenue annually. The decisions made it more difficult for states to collect sales tax on certain online purchases.
　　　The cases the court overturned said that if a business was shipping a customer’s purchase to a state where the business didn’t have a physical presence such as a warehouse or office, the business didn’t have to collect sales tax for the state. Customers were generally responsible for paying the sales tax to the state themselves if they weren’t charged it, but most didn’t realize they owed it and few paid.
　　　Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote that the previous decisions were flawed. “Each year the physical presence rule becomes further removed from economic reality and results in significant revenue losses to the States,” he wrote in an opinion joined by four other justices. Kennedy wrote that the rule “limited states’ ability to seek long-term prosperity and has prevented market participants from competing on an even playing field.”
　　　The ruling is a victory for big chains with a presence in many states, since they usually collect sales tax on online purchases already. Now, rivals will be charging sales tax where they hadn’t before. Big chains have been collecting sales tax nationwide because they typically have physical stores in whatever state a purchase is being shipped to. Amazon.com, with its network of warehouses, also collects sales tax in every state that charges it, though third-party sellers who use the site don’t have    to.
　　　Until now, many sellers that have a physical presence in only a single state or a few states have been able to avoid charging sales taxes when they ship to addresses outside those states. Sellers that use eBay and Etsy, which provide platforms for smaller sellers, also haven’t been collecting sales tax nationwide. Under the ruling Thursday, states can pass laws requiring out-of-state sellers to collect the state’s sales tax from customers and send it to the state.
　　　Retail trade groups praised the ruling, saying it levels the playing field for local and online businesses. The losers, said retail analyst Neil Saunders, are online-only retailers, especially smaller ones. Those retailers may face headaches complying with various state sales tax laws. The Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council advocacy group said in a statement, “Small businesses and internet entrepreneurs are not well served at all by this decision.”


164.The Supreme Court decision Thursday will
[A]better businesses’ relations with states.
[B]put most online businesses in a dilemma.
[C]make more online shoppers pay sales tax.
[D]force some states to cut sales tax.


165.It can be learned from paragraphs 2 and 3 that the overruled decisions
[A]have led to the dominance of e-commerce.
[B]have cost consumers a lot over the years.
[C]were widely criticized by online purchasers.
[D]were considered unfavorable by states.


166.According to Justice Anthony Kennedy, the physical presence rule has
[A]hindered economic development.
[B]brought prosperity to the country.
[C]harmed fair market competition.
[D]boosted growth in states’ revenue.


167.Who are most likely to welcome the Supreme Court ruling?
[A]Internet entrepreneurs.
[B]Big-chain owners.
[C]Third-party sellers.
[D]Small retailers.


168.In dealing with the Supreme Court decision Thursday, the author
[A]gives a factual account of it and discusses its consequences.
[B]describes the long and complicated process of its making.
[C]presents its main points with conflicting views on them.
[D]cites some cases related to it and analyzes their implications.

Part B Directions:
The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For Questions 41-45, you are required to reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent text by choosing from the list A-G and filling them into the numbered boxes. Paragraphs C and F have been correctly placed. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

[AQ]These tools can help you win every argument – not in the unhelpful sense of beating your opponents but in the better sense of learning about the issues that divide people. Learning why they disagree with us and learning to talk and work together with them. If we readjust our view of arguments – from a verbal fight or tennis game to a reasoned exchange through which we all gain mutual respect, and understanding – then we change the very nature of what it means to “win” an argument.

[AR]Of course, many discussions are not so successful. Still, we need to be careful not to accuse opponents of bad arguments too quickly. We need to learn how to evaluate them properly. A large part of evaluation is calling out bad arguments, but we also need to admit good arguments by opponents and to apply the same critical standards to ourselves. Humility requires you to recognize weakness in your own arguments and sometimes also to accept reasons on the opposite side.

[AS]None of these will be easy but you can start even if others refuse to. Next time you state your position, formulate an argument for what you claim and honestly ask yourself whether your argument is any good. Next time you talk with someone who takes a stand, ask them to give you a reason for their view. Spell out their argument fully and charitably. Assess its strength impartially. Raise objections and listen carefully to their replies.

[AT]Carnegie would be right if arguments were fights, which is how we often think of them. Like physical fights, verbal fights can leave both sides bloodied. Even when you win, you end up no better off. Your prospects would be almost as dismal if arguments were even just competitions – like, say, tennis games. Pairs

of opponents hit the ball back and forth until one winner emerges from all who entered. Everybody else loses. This kind of thinking is why so many people try to avoid arguments, especially about politics and religion.

[AU]In his 1936 work How to Win Friends and Influence People, Dale Carnegie wrote: “There is only one way…to get the best of an argument – and that is to avoid it.” This aversion to arguments is common, but it depends on a mistaken view of arguments that causes profound problems for our personal and social lives – and in many ways misses the point of arguing in the first place.

[AV]These views of arguments also undermine reason. If you see a conversation as a fight or competition, you can win by cheating as long as you don’t get caught. You will be happy to convince people with bad arguments. You can call their views stupid, or joke about how ignorant they are. None of these tricks will help you understand them, their positions or the issues that divide you, but they can help you win – in one way.

[AW]There is a better way to win arguments. Imagine that you favor increasing the minimum wage in our state, and I do not. If you yell, “Yes,” and I yell, “No,” neither of us learns anything. We neither understand nor respect each other, and we have no basis for compromise or cooperation. In contrast, suppose you give a reasonable argument: that full-time workers should not have to live in poverty. Then I counter with another reasonable argument: that a higher minimum wage will force businesses to employ fewer people for less time. Now we can understand each other’s positions and recognize our shared values, since we both care about needy workers.



→	→	→	→	→	→

Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

　　　It was only after I started to write a weekly column about the medical journals, and began to read scientific papers from beginning to end, that I realised just how bad much of the medical literature frequently was. I came to recognise various signs of a bad paper: the kind of paper that purports to show that people who eat more than one kilo of broccoli a week were 1.17 times more likely than those who eat less to suffer late in life from pernicious anaemia. (46) There is a great deal of this kind  of nonsense in the medical journals which, when taken up by broadcasters and the lay press, generates both health scares and short-lived dietary enthusiasms.
　　　Why is so much bad science published? A recent paper, titled “The Natural Selection of Bad Science”, published on the Royal Society’s open science website, attempts to answer this intriguing and important question. It says that the problem is not merely that people do bad science, but that our current system of career advancement positively encourages it. What is important is not truth, but publication, which has become almost an end in itself. There has been a kind of inflationary process at work: (47) nowadays anyone applying for a research post has to have published twice the number of papers that would have been required for the same post only 10 years ago. Never mind the quality, then, count the number.
　　　(48) Attempts have been made to curb this tendency, for example, by trying to incorporate some measure of quality as well as quantity into the assessment of an applicant’s papers. This is the famed citation index, that is to say the number of times a paper has been quoted elsewhere in the scientific literature, the assumption being that an important paper will be cited more often than one of small account. (49) This would be reasonable if it were not for the fact that scientists can easily arrange to cite themselves in their future publications, or get associates to do so for them in return for similar favours.
　　　Boiling down an individual’s output to simple metrics, such as number of publications or journal impacts, entails considerable savings in time, energy and ambiguity. Unfortunately, the long-term costs of using simple quantitative metrics to assess researcher merit are likely to be quite great. (50) If we are serious about ensuring that our science is both meaningful and reproducible, we must ensure that our institutions encourage that kind of science.

Section III	Writing

Part A
70.Directions:
　　　Suppose you are working for the “Aiding Rural Primary School” project of your university. Write an email to answer the inquiry from an international student volunteer, specifying the details of the project.
You should write about 100 words on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not use your own name in the email. Use “Li Ming” instead.	(10 points)

Part B
71.Directions:
　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the picture below. In your essay, you should
?describe the picture briefly,
?interpret the implied meaning, and
?give your comments.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)




　　　　　　　　　　　　　2019年英语一真题答案

Section Ⅰ Use of  English

1.C        2.C       3.B       4.D       5.A       6.B       7.D       8.C      9.A      10.D

11.A     12.B     13.D     14.C     15.B     16.D     17.A     18.A     19.B     20.C 



SectionⅡ	Reading Comprehension

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part A
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
Text 1	21~25	A D B C B	Text 2	26~30	D A A C B
Text 3	31~35	C D B A C	Text 4	36~40	C D C B D
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　                                  Part B 
　　　　　　　　　　　
41.E     42.D     43.G     44.B     45.A
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Part C 
46. 医学期刊中由许多类似的无稽之谈，这些说法一旦被广播公司和新闻媒体报道，就会引发健康恐慌和短暂的饮食热潮。

47. 如今，任何申请研究职位的人都必须发表两倍于10年前同一职位所需的论文数量。

48.人们已经做出努力来遏制这种趋势，例如，将质量和数量标准纳入申请者的论文评估中。

49. 如果不是因为科学家们可以很容易地在未来的出版物中引用自己，或者让同事为他们这样作以换取类似的好处，这将是合理的。

50. 如果我们确实要保证我们的科学既有意义又可再生，那么我们必须确保我们的机构鼓励这种科学的进步。

Section III	Writing
51、52 略


绝密★启用前



2020年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


6.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
7.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
8.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
9.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
10.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

Section Ⅰ Use of  English


Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
　　　
　　　Even if families don’t sit down to eat together as frequently as before, millions of Britons will nonetheless have got a share this weekend of one of that nation’s great traditions:the Sunday roast.    1    a cold winter’s day, few culinary pleasures can          2     it. Yet as we report now, the food police are determined that this    3      should be rendered yet another guilty pleasure    4    to damage our health.
　　　The Food Standards Authority (FSA) has     5      a public warning about the risks of a compound called acrylamide that forms in some foods cooked   6   high temperatures. This means that people should     7     crisping their roast potatoes, reject thin- crust pizzas and only      8      toast their bread.But where is the evidence to support such alarmist advice?     9     studies have shown that acrylamide can cause neurological damage in mice, there is no     10      evidence that it causes cancer in humans.
　　　Scientists say the compound is    11    to cause cancer but have no hard scientific proof    12     the precautionary principle,  it could be argued that it is     13    to follow the FSA advice.    14    , it was rumoured that smoking caused cancer for years before the evidence was found to prove a    15    .
　　　Doubtless a piece of boiled beef can always be    16    up on Sunday alongside some steamed vegetables, without the Yorkshire pudding and no wine. But would life be worth living?   17   , the FSA says it is not telling people to cut out roast foods    18    ,but to reduce their lifetime intake. However, their     19     risks coming a cross as being pushy and overprotective.Constant health scares just    20    with    one listening.


1. [A] In	[B] Towards 	[C] On 	 [D]Till
2. [A] match	[B] express	[C] satisfy	 [D] influence 
3. [A]  patience	[B] enjoyment	[C] surprise 	 [D] concern
4. [A] intensified?	[B] privileged	[C] compelled	 [D] guaranteed
5. [A] issued?	[B] received	[C] ignored	 [D] cancelled
6. [A] under?	[B] at	[C] for? 	 [D] by
7. [A] forget	[B] regret	[C] finish	 [D] avoid
8. [A] partially? 	[B] regularly? 	[C] easily?	 [D] initially
9. [A] Unless	[B] Since	[C] If 	 [D] While?
10.[A] secondary	[B] external? 	[C] conclusive? 	 [D] negative
11.[A] insufficient?	[B] bound	[C] likely	 [D] slow
12.[A] On the basis of	[B] At the cost of?     [C] In addition to        [D] In contrast to
13.[A] interesting		[B] advisable            ?[C] urgent?                  [D] fortunate
14.[A] As usual	[B] In particular         [C] By definition	 [D] After all
15.[A] resemblance	[B] combination	[C] connection	 [D] pattern
16.[A] made	[B] served	[C] saved	 [D] used
17.[A] To be fair	[B] For instance?       [C] To be brief	 [D] In general
18.[A] reluctantly 	[B] entirely                [C] gradually	 [D] carefully
19.[A] promise	[B] experience           [C]campaign	 [D] competition
20.[A] follow up	[B] pick up                [C]open up	 [D] end up




SectionⅡ	Reading Comprehension


Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)


Text 1

　　　A group of Labour MPs, among them Yvette Cooper, are bringing in the new year with a call to institute a UK “town of culture” award. The proposal is that it should sit alongside the existing city of culture title, which was held by Hull in 2017, and has been awarded to Coventry for 2021. Cooper and her colleagues argue that the success of the crown for Hull, where it brought in ￡220m of investment and an avalanche of arts, ought not to be confined to cities. Britain’s towns, it is true, are not prevented from applying, but they generally lack the resources to put together a bid to beat their bigger competitors. A town of culture award could, it is argued, become an annual event, attracting funding and creating jobs.
　　　Some might see the proposal as a booby prize for the fact that Britain  is no longer able to apply for the much more prestigious title of European capital of culture, a sought-after award bagged by Glasgow in 1990 and Liverpool in 2008. A cynic might speculate that the UK is on the verge of disappearing into an endless fever of self-celebration in its desperation to reinvent itself for the post-Brexit world: after  town of culture, who knows what will follow-village of culture? Suburb of culture? Hamlet of culture?
　　　It is also wise to recall that such titles are not a cure-all. A badly run “year of culture” washes in and washes out of a place like the tide, bringing prominence for a spell but leaving no lasting benefits to the community. The really successful  holders of such titles are those that do a great deal more than fill hotel bedrooms and bring in high-profile arts events and good press for a year. They transform the aspirations of the people who live there; they nudge the self-image of the city into a bolder and  more optimistic light. It is hard to get right, and requires a remarkable degree of vision, as well as cooperation between city authorities, the private sector, community groups and cultural organisations. But it can be done: Glasgow's year as European capital of culture can certainly be seen as one of a complex series of factors that have turned the city into the powerhouse of art, music and theatre that it remains today.
　　　A “town of culture” could be not just about the arts but about honouring a town’s peculiarities—helping  sustain its high street, supporting  local facilities and above all celebrating its people. Jeremy Wright, the culture secretary, should welcome this positive, hope-filled proposal, and tum it into action.



121.Cooper and her colleagues argue that a “town of culture” award could
?consolidate the town-city ties in Britain.
?promote cooperation-among Britain’s towns.
?increase the economic strength of Britain’s towns.
?focus Britain’s limited resources on cultural events.


122.According to Paragraph 2, the proposal might be regarded by some as
?a sensible compromise.
?a self-deceiving attempt.
?an eye-catching bonus.
?an inaccessible target.


123.The author suggests that a title holder is successful only if it
?endeavours to maintain its image.
?meets the aspiration of its people.
?brings its local arts to prominence.
?commits to its long-term growth.


124.Glasgow is mentioned in Paragraph 3 to present
?a contrasting case.
?a supporting example.
?a background story. 
?a related topic.

125.What is the author’s attitude towards the proposal?
?Skeptical.
?Objective.
?Favourable.
?Critical.








Text 2

　　　Scientific publishing has long been a licence to print money. Scientists need journals in which to publish their research, so they will supply the articles without monetary reward. Other scientists perform the specialised work of peer review also    for free, because it is a central element in the acquisition of status and the production   of scientific knowledge.
　　　With the content of papers secured for free, the publisher needs only find a market for its journal. Until this century, university libraries were not very price sensitive. Scientific publishers routinely report profit margins approaching 40% on their operations at a time when the rest of the publishing industry is in an existential crisis.
　　　The Dutch giant Elsevier, which claims to publish 25% of the scientific papers produced in the world, made profits of more than ￡900m last year, while UK universities alone spent more than ￡210m in 2016 to enable researchers to access      their own publicly funded research; both figures seem to rise unstoppably despite increasingly desperate efforts to change them.
　　　The most drastic, an thoroughly illegal, reaction has been the emergence of        Sci-Hub, a kind of global photocopier for scientific papers, set up in 2012, which now claims to offer access to every paywalled article published since 2015. The success of Sci-Hub, which relies on researchers passing on copies they have themselves legally accessed, shows the legal ecosystem has lost legitimacy among its users and must be transformed so that it works for all participants.
　　　In Britain the move towards open access publishing has been driven by funding bodies. In some ways it has been very successful. More than half of all British    scientific research is now published under open access terms: either freely available from the moment of publication, or paywalled for a year or more so that the     publishers can make a profit before being placed on general release.
　　　Yet the new system has not yet worked out any cheaper for the universities. Publishers have responded to the demand that they make their product free to readers   by charging their writers fees to cover the costs of prep ring an article. These range   from around ￡500 to $5,000, and apparently the work gets more expensive the more  that publishers do it. A report last year pointed out that the costs both of subscriptions and of these “article preparation costs” had been steadily rising at a rate above inflation.
　　　In some ways the scientific publishing model resembles the economy of the     social internet: labour is provided free in exchange for the hope of status, while huge profits are made by a few big firms who run the market places. In both cases, we need    a rebalancing of power.


26. Scientific publishing is seen as “a licence to print money” partly because
　　[A] its funding has enjoyed a steady increase.
　　　[B] its marketing strategy has been successful.
　　　[C] its payment for peer review is reduced.
　　　[D] its content acquisition costs nothing.

27. According to Paragraphs 2 and 3, scientific publishers Elsevier have
　　　[A] thrived mainly on university libraries.
　　　[B] gone through an existential crisis.
　　　[C] revived the publishing industry.
　　　[D] financed researchers generously.

28. How does the author feel about the success of Sci-Hub? 
　　　[A] Relieved.
　　　[B] Puzzled.
　　　[C] Concerned.
　　　[D] Encouraged.

29. It can be learned from Paragraphs 5 and 6 that open access terms
　　　[A] allow publishers some room to make money.
　　　[B] render publishing much easier for scientists.
　　　[C] reduce the cost of publication substantially.
　　　[D] free universities from financial burdens.

30. Which of the following characterizes the scientific publishing model?
　　　[A] Trial subscription is offered.
　　　[B] Labour triumphs over status.
　　　[C] Costs are well controlled.
　　　[D] The few feed on the many.







Text 3
　　　
　　　Progressives often support diversity mandates as a path to equality and a way to level the playing field. But all too often such policies are an insincere form of virtue-signaling  that benefits only the most privileged and does little to help average people.
　　　A pair of bills sponsored by Massachusetts state Senator Jason Lewis and House Speaker Pro Tempore Patricia Haddad, to ensure “gender parity” on boards and commissions, provide a case in point.
　　　Haddad and Lewis are concerned that more than half the state-government        boards are less than 40 percent female. In order to ensure that elite women have more   such opportunities, they have proposed imposing government quotas. If the bills     become law, state boards and commissions will be required to set aside 50 percent of board seats for women by 2022.
　　　The bills are similar to a measure recently adopted in Califomia, which last year became the first state to require gender quotas for private companies. In signing the measure, California Governor Jerry Brown admitted that the law, which expressly classifies people on the basis of sex, is probably unconstitutional.
　　　The US Supreme Court frowns on sex-based classifications unless they are    designed to address an “important” policy interest, Because the California law applies     to all boards, even where there is no history of prior discrimination, courts are likely to rule that the law violates the constitutional guarantee of “equal protection”.
　　　But are such government mandates even necessary? Female participation on corporate boards may not currently mirror the percentage of women in the general population, but so what?
　　　The number of women on corporate boards has been steadily increasing without government interference. According to a study by Catalyst, between 2010 and 2015   the share of women on the boards of global corporations increased by 54 percent.
　　　Requiring companies to make gender the primary qualification for board  membership will inevitably lead to less experienced private sector boards. That is exactly what happened when Norway adopted a nationwide corporate gender quota.
　　　Writing in The New Republic, Alice Lee notes that increasing the number of opportunities for board membership without increasing the pool of qualified women to serve on such boards has led to a “golden skirt” phenomenon, where the same elite women scoop up multiple seats on a variety of boards.
　　　Next time somebody pushes corporate quotas as a way to promote gender equity, remember that such policies are largely self-serving measures that make their sponsors feelgood but do little to help average women.
31.The author believes that the bills sponsored by Lewis and Haddad will
[A] help little to reduce gender bias.
[B] pose a threat to the state government.
[C] raise women’s position in politics.
[D] greatly broaden career options.

32. Which of the following is true of the Califormia measure?
[A] It has irritated private business owners.
[B] It is welcomed by the Supreme Court.
[C] It may go against the Constitution.
[D] It will settle the prior controversies.

33. The author mentions the study by Catalyst to illustrate
[A] the harm from arbitrary board decision.
[B] the importance of constitutional guarantees.
[C] the pressure on women in global corporations.
[D] the needlessness of government interventions.

34. Norway’s adoption of a nationwide corporate gender quota has led to
[A] the underestimation of elite women’s role.
[B] the objection to female participation on boards.
[C] the entry of unqualified candidates into the board.
[D] the growing tension between labor and management.

35. Which of the following can be inferred from the text?
[A] Women’s need in employment should be considered.
[B] Feasibility should be a prime concern in policymaking.
[C] Everyone should try hard to promote social justice.
[D] Major social issues should be the focus of legislation.



Text 4

　　Last Thursday, the French Senate passed a digital services tax, which would  impose an entirely new tax on large multinationals that provide digital services to consumers or users in France. Digital services include everything from providing a platform for selling goods and services online to targeting advertising based on user   data, and the tax applies to gross revenue from such services. Many French politicians and media outlets have referred to this as a “ GAFA tax,” meaning that it is designed       to apply primarily to companies such as Google, Apple, Facebook and  Amazon—in other words, multinational tech companies based in the United States.
　　The digital services tax now awaits the signature of President Emmanuel Macron, who has expressed support for the measure, and it could go into effect within the next few weeks. But it has already sparked significant controversy, with the United States trade representative opening an investigation into whether the tax discriminates against American companies, which in tum could lead to trade sanctions against France.
　　The French tax is not just a unilateral move by one country in need of revenue.                   
　Instead, the digital services tax is part of a much larger trend, with countries over the past few years proposing or putting in place an alphabet soup of new international tax provisions. They have included Britain’s DPT. (diverted profits tax), Australia’s MAAL (multinational anti-avoidance  law),  and  India’s  SEP  (significant  economic     presence) test, to name but a few. At the same time, the European Union, Spain, Britain and several other countries have all seriously contemplated digital services taxes.
　　These unilateral developments differ in their specifics, but they are all designed     to tax multinationals on income and revenue that countries believe they should have a right to tax, even if international tax rules do not grant them that right. In other words, they all share a view that the international tax system has failed to keep up with the current economy.
　　In response to these many unilateral measures, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) is currently working with 131 countries  to  reach a consensus by the end of 2020 on an international solution. Both France and      the United States are involved in the organization's work, but France's digital services tax and the American response raise questions about what the future holds for the international tax system.
　　　France’s planned tax is a clear warning: Unless a broad consensus  can  be    reached on reforming the international tax system, other nations are likely to follow    suit, and American companies will face a cascade of different taxes from dozens of nations that will prove burdensome and costly.


36.The French Senate has passed a bill to
	[A] regulate digital services platforms.
	[B] protect French companies” interests.
	[C] impose a levy on tech multinationals.
	[D] curb the influence of advertising.

37. It can be learned from Paragraph 2 that the digital services tax
	[A] may trigger countermeasures against France.
	[B] is apt to arouse criticism at home and abroad.
	[C] aims to ease international trade tensions.
	[D] will prompt the tech giants to quit France.

38. The countries adopting the unilateral measures share the opinion that
	[A] redistribution of tech giants’ revenue must be ensured.
	[B] the current international tax system needs upgrading.
	[C] tech multinationals’ monopoly should be prevented.
	[D] all countries ought to enjoy equal taxing rights.

39. It can be learned from Paragraph 5 that the OECD’s current work
	[A] is being resisted  by  US  companies.
	[B] needs to be readjusted immediately.
	[C] is faced with uncertain prospects.
	[D] needs to in involve more countries.

40. Which of the following might be the best title for this text?
	[A] France Is Confronted with Trade Sanctions
	[B] France leads the charge on Digital Tax
	[C] France Says “ NO ” to Tech Multinationals
	[D] France Demands a Role in the Digital Economy


Part B
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable subheading from the list A-G for each of the numbered paragraphs (41-45). There are two extra subheadings. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET.  (10  points)

[A] Eye fixations are brief
[B] Too much eye contact is instinctively felt to be rude
[C] Eye contact can be a friendly social signal
[D] Personality can affect how a person reacts to eye contact
[E] Biological factors behind eye contact are being investigated 
[F] Most people are not comfortable holding eye contact with strangers
[G] Eye contact can also be aggressive.

　　　In a social situation, eye contact with another person can show that you are paying attention in a friendly way. But it can also be antagonistic such as when a political candidate turns toward their competitor during a debate and makes eye contact that signals hostility.Here’s what hard science reveals about eye contact:

　　　 We know that a typical infant will instinctively gaze into its mother’s eyes, and she will look back. This mutual gaze is a major part of the attachment between mother and child. In adulthood, looking someone else in a pleasant way can be a complimentary sign of paying attention. It can catch someone’s attention in a crowded room, “Eye contact and smile” can signal availability and confidence, a common-sense notion supported in studies by psychologist Monica Moore.

　　　Neuroscientist Bonnie Auyeung found that the hormone oxytocin increased the amount of eye contact from men toward the interviewer during a brief interview when the direction of their gaze was recorded. This was also found in high-functioning men with some autistic spectrum symptoms, who may tend to avoid eye contact. Specific brain regions that respond during direct gaze are being explored by other researches, using advanced methods of brain scanning.
　　　
　　　With the use of eye-tracking technology, Julia Minson of the Harvard Kennedy School of Government concluded that eye contact can signal very different kinds of messages, depending on the situation. While eye contact may be a sign of connection or trust in friendly situations, it’s more likely to be associated with dominance or intimidation in adversarial situations. “Whether you’re a politician or a parent, it might be helpful to keep in mind that trying to maintain eye contact may backfire if you’re trying to convince someone who has a different set of beliefs than you,”said Minson.
　　　
　　　When we look at a face or a picture, our eyes pause on one spot at a time, often on the eyes or mouth. These pauses typically occur at about three per second, and the eyes then jump to another spot, until several important points in the image are registered like a series of snapshots. How the whole image is then assembled and perceived is still a mystery although it is the subject of current research.
　　　
　　　In people who score high in a test of neuroticism, a personality dimension associated with self-consciousness and anxiety, eye contact triggered more activity associated with avoidance,according to the Finnish researcher Jari Hietanen and colleagues “Our findings indicate that people do not only feel different when they are the centre of attention but that their brain reactions also differ.” A more direct finding is that people who scored highly  for negative emotions like anxiety looked at others for shorter periods of time and reported more comfortable feelings when others did not look directly at them.


Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

　　　Following the explosion of creativity in Florence during the 14th  century known as the Renaissance, the modern world saw a departure from what it had once known.  It turned from God and the authority of the Roman Catholic Church and instead favoured a more humanistic approach to being. Renaissance ideas had spread throughout Europe well into the 17th century,with the arts and sciences flourishing extraordinarily among those with a more logical disposition. (46) with the Church’s teachings and ways of thinking eclipsed by the Renaissance,the gap between the Medieval and modern periods had been bridged leading to new and unexplored intellectual territories.
　　　During the Renaissance, the great minds of Nicolaus Copernicus, Johannes Kepler and Galileo Galilei demonstrated the power of scientific study and discovery.             (47) Before each of their revelations many thinkers at the time had sustained more ancient ways of thinking, including the geocentric view that the Earth was at the     centre of our universe. Copernicus theorized in 1543 that all of the planets that we knew of revolved not around the Earth, but the Sun, a system that was later upheld by Galileo at his own expense. Offering up such a theory during a time of high tension between scientific and religious minds was branded as heresy and any such heretics that continued to spread these lies were to be punished by imprisonment or even death.
　　(48) Despite attempts by the Church to suppress. this new generation of logicians  and rationalists, more explanations for how the universe functioned were being made   at a rate that the people could no longer ignore.It was with these great revelations that a new kind of philosophy founded in reason was born.
　　　The Church’s long-standing dogma was losing the great battle for truth to rationalists and scientists. This very fact embodied the new ways of thinking that swept through Europe during most of 17th century. (49) As many took on the duty of trying to integrate reasoning and scientific philosophies into the world, the Renaissance was over and it was time for a new era - the Age of Reason.
　　　The 17th and 18th centuries were times of radical change and curiosity, Scientific method, reductionism and the questioning of Church ideals was to be encouraged, as were ideas of liberty,  tolerance and progress. (50) Such actions to seek knowledge and to understand what information we already knew were captured by the Latin phrase ‘sapere aude’ or ‘dare to know’, after Immanuel Kant used it in his essay An Answer to the Question: What is Enlightenment?. It was the purpose and responsibility of great minds to go forth and seek out the truth, which they believed to be founded in knowledge.


Section III	Writing

Part A
72.Directions:
　　
　　The Students Union of your university has assigned you to inform the international students about an upcoming singing contest. White a notice in about 100 words.

　　Write your answer on the ANSWER SHEET.

　　Do not use your own name in the notice. (10 points)

Part B
73.Directions:
　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the picture below. In your essay, you should
?describe the picture briefly,
?interpret the implied meaning, and
?give your comments.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)











2020年考研英语一真题答案速查

Section Ⅰ Use of  English

1.C 	2.A  	3.B     	4.D  	5.A      6.B 	7.D	8.A 	9.D	10.C

11.C    12.A    13.B    14.D    15.C    16.B    17.A    18.B     19.C      20.D 


SectionⅡ	Reading Comprehension

Part A

Text 1	   21~25	 C B D B C	               Text 2	      26~30	 D A C A D
Text 3	   31~35	 A C D C B	               Text 4	      36~40	 C A B C B
（淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室）
Part B

41.C     42.E     43.G     44.A     45.D

Part C

46. 随着教会的教义和思维方式因文艺复习而黯然失色，中世纪与近现代社会之间的鸿沟得以弥合，从而出现了新的未被探索的知识领域。

47.在他们揭示每一个科学真理之前，当时的许多思想家一直沿袭着旧时的思维方式，包括地球是我们宇宙中心的地心说。

48.尽管教会试图镇压一个新一代逻辑学家和理性主义者，但有关于宇宙如何运转的阐释却层出不穷，其速度之快不容人们再忽视。

49. 当许多人肩负起试图将理性推理和科学信条融入社会的责任时，文艺复兴时代就结束了，而一个崭新的时代——理性时代便开始了。

50. 这种寻求知识和了解已知的行为被拉丁短语“sapere aude”，亦即“敢于求知”，描画得淋漓尽致。
（淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室）

Section III	Writing
51、52 略



绝密★启用前



2021年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）


☆考生注意事项☆


11.答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
12.考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自负。
13.选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
14.填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
15.考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

（以下信息考生必须认真填写）

考生编号															
考生姓名	

Section Ⅰ Use of  English


Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
　　　
　　　Fluid intelligence is the type of intelligence that has to do with short-term memory and the ability to think quickly, logically, and abstractly in order to solve new problems.It 		1		  in young adulthood, levels out for a period of time, and then 		2		 starts to slowly decline as we age. But 		3		 aging is inevitable, scientists are finding out that certain changes in brain function may not be.
　　　One study found that muscle loss and the  	4 		of body fat around the abdomen are associated with a decline in fluid intelligence. This suggests the       	5	 that lifestyle factors might help prevent or 		6		 this type of decline.
　　　The researchers looked at data that 		7		 measurements of lean muscle and abdominal fat from more than 4,000 middle-to-older-aged men and women and 	   8  	 that data to reported changes in fluid intelligence over a six-year period. They found that middle-aged people 		9			higher measures of abdominal fat  	10	worse on measures of fluid intelligence as the years		11	.
　　　For women, the association may be 	12	 to changes in immunity that resulted from excess abdominal fat; in men, the immune system did not appear to be 	13	. It is hoped that future studies could 		14		these differences and perhaps lead to different 	15	 for men and women.
　　　 	16	 there are steps you can 	  17	 to help reduce abdominal fat and maintain lean muscle mass as you age in order to protect both your physical and mental		18 	 The two highly recommended lifestyle approaches are maintaining or increasing your 	19   of aerobic exercise and following Mediterranean-style      	20    that is high in fiber and eliminates highly processed foods.


1. [A] pauses 	[B] returns	[C] peaks	[D] fades
2. [A] alternatively 	[B] formally	[C] accidentally	[D]generally
3. [A] while 	[B] since 	[C]once 	[D]until
4. [A] detection 	[B]  accumulation 	[C] consumption	[D]separation
5. [A] possibility	[B]  decision	[C] goal  	[D] requirement
6. [A] delay 	[B] ensure	[C] seek 	[D]utilize
7. [A] modified 	[B]  supported	[C] included 	[D] predicted 	
8. [A] devoted 	[B]  compared	[C] converted 	[D] applied
9. [A] with 	[B] above	[C]by 	[D] against
10. [A] lived 	[B]  managed 	[C] scored	[D] played 
11. [A] ran out 	[B] set off	[C] drew in	[D] went by
12. [A] superior 	[B] attributable 	[C] parallel 	[D] resistant
13. [A] restored 	[B] isolated 	[C]involved 	[D] controlled
14. [A] alter	[B] spread 	[C] remove 	[D] explain
15. [A] compensations 	[B]  symptoms 	[C] demands 	[D] treatments
16. [A] Likewise 	[B]  Meanwhile 	[C] Therefore 	[D] Instead
17. [A] change 	[B]  watch 	[C] count 	[D] take
18. [A] well-being 	[B] process 	[C] formation	[D]coordination
19. [A] level 	[B] love	[C] knowledge 	[D] space
20. [A] design	[B] routine 	[C] diet	[D] prescription


SectionⅡ	Reading Comprehension


Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)


Text 1
　　　How can the train operators possibly justify yet another increase to rail passenger fares? It has become a grimly reliable annual ritual: every January the cost of travelling by train rises, imposing a significant extra burden on those who have no option but to use the rail network to get to work or otherwise. This year’s rise, an average of 2.7 per cent, may be a fraction lower than last year’s, but it is still well above the official Consumer Price Index (CPI) measure of inflation.
　　　Successive governments have permitted such increases on the grounds that the cost of investing in and running the rail network should be borne by those who use it, rather than the general taxpayer. Why, the argument goes, should a car-driving pensioner from Lincolnshire have to subsidise the daily commute of a stockbroker from Surrey?  Equally, there is a sense that the travails of commuters in the South East, many of whom will face among the biggest rises, have received too much attention compared to those who must endure the relatively poor infrastructure of the Midlands and the North.
　　　However, over the past 12 months, those commuters have also experienced some of the worst rail strikes in years. It is all very well train operators trumpeting the improvements they are making to the network, but passengers should be able to expect a basic level of service for the substantial sums they are now paying to travel. The responsibility for the latest wave of strikes rests on the unions. However, there is a strong case that those who have been worst affected by industrial action should receive compensation for the disruption they have suffered.
　　　The Government has pledged to change the law to introduce a minimum service requirement so that, even when strikes occur, services can continue to operate.This should form part of a wider package of measures to address the long-running problems on Britain’s railways.Yes, more investment is needed, but passengers will not be willing to pay more indefinitely if they must also endure cramped, unreliable services, punctuated by regular chaos when timetables are changed,or planned maintenance is managed incompetently. The threat of nationalisation may have been seen off for now, but it will return with a vengeance if the justified anger of passengers is not addressed in short order.


　　　

21.The author holds that this year’s increase in rail passenger fares
　　[A] has kept pace with inflation.
　　[B] is a big surprise to commuters.
　　[C] remains an unreasonable measure.
　　　[D] will ease train operators’ burden.
22. The stockbroker in Paragraph 2 is used to stand for
　　[A] car drivers.
　　[B] rail travelers.
　　[C] local investors.
　　　[D] ordinary taxpayers.
23. It is indicated in Paragraph 3 that train operators
　　[A] are offering compensation to commuters.
　　[B] are trying to repair relations with the unions.
　　[C] have failed to provide an adequate service.
　　　[D] have suffered huge losses owing to the strikes.
24. If unable to calm down passengers, the railways may have to face
　　[A] the loss of investment.
　　[B] the collapse of operations.
　　[C] a reduction of revenue.
　　　[D] a change of ownership.
25. Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
　　[A] Who Are to Blame for the Strikes?
　　[B] Constant Complaining Doesn’t Work
　　[C] Can Nationalisation Bring Hope?
　　　[D] Ever-rising Fares Aren’t Sustainable

Text 2
　　　Last year marked the third year in a row of when Indonesia’s bleak rate of deforestation has slowed in pace. One reason for the turnaround may be the country’s antipoverty program.
　　　In 2007, Indonesia started phasing in a program that gives money to its poorest residents under certain conditions, such as requiring people to keep kids in school or get regular medical care. Called conditional cash transfers or CCTs, these social assistance programs are designed to reduce inequality and break the cycle of poverty.They’re already used in dozens of countries worldwide. In Indonesia, the program has provided enough food and medicine to substantially reduce severe growth problems among children.
　　　But CCT programs don’t generally consider effects on the environment. In fact, poverty alleviation and environmental protection are often viewed as conflicting goals, says Paul Ferraro , an economist at Johns Hopkins University.
　　　That’s because economic growth can be correlated with environmental degradation, while protecting the environment is sometimes correlated with greater poverty.However, those correlations don’t prove cause and effect. The only previous study analyzing causality, based on an area in Mexico that had instituted CCTs, supported the traditional view. There, as people got more money, some of them may have more cleared land for cattle to raise for meat,Ferraro says.
　　　Such programs do not have to negatively affect the environment, though. Ferraro wanted to see if Indonesia’s poverty-alleviation program was affecting deforestation.  Indonesia has the third-largest area of tropical forest in the world and one of the highest deforestation rates.
　　　Ferraro analyzed satellite data showing annual forest loss from 2008 to 2012—   including during Indonesia’s phase-in of the antipoverty program—in 7,468 forested villages across 15 provinces. “We see that the program is associated with a 30 percent reduction in deforestation,” Ferraro says.
　　　That’s likely because the rural poor are using the money as makeshift insurance policies against inclement weather, Ferraro says. Typically, if rains are delayed, people may clear land to plant more rice to supplement their harvests.
　　　Whether this research translates elsewhere is anybody’s guess.Ferraro suggests the results may transfer to other parts of Asia, due to commonalities such as the importance of growing rice and market access.And regardless of transferability, the study shows that what’s good for people may also be good for the environment. Even if this program didn’t reduce poverty, Ferraro says, “the value of the avoided deforestation just for carbon dioxide emissions alone is more than the program costs.”


26.According to the first two paragraphs, CCT programs aim to
　　[A] facilitate healthcare reform.
　　[B] help poor families get better off.
　　[C] improve local education systems.
　　[D] lower deforestation rates.

27.The study based on an area in Mexico is cited to show that
　　[A] cattle raising has been a major means of livelihood for the poor.
　　[B] CCT programs have helped preserve traditional lifestyles.
　　[C] antipoverty efforts require the participation of local farmers.
　　[D] economic growth tends to cause environmental degradation.

28.In his study about Indonesia, Ferraro intends to find out 
　　[A] its acceptance level of CCTs.
　　[B] its annual rate of poverty alleviation.
　　[C] the relation of CCTs to its forest loss.
　　[D] the role of its forests in climate change.

29. According to Ferraro, the CCT program in Indonesia is most valuable in that
　　[A] it will benefit other Asian countries.
　　[B] it will reduce regional inequality.
　　[C]it can protect the environment.
　　[D] it can benefit grain production.

30.What is the text centered on?
　　[A] The effects of a program.
　　[B] The debates over a program.
　　[C] The process of a study.
　　[D] The transferability of a study.

Text 3
　　　As a historian who’s always searching for the text or the image that makes us re-evaluate the past,I’ve become preoccupied with looking for photographs that show our Victorian ancestors smiling ( what better way to shatter the image of 19th-century prudery?). I’ve found quite a few, and—since I started posting them on Twitter—they have been causing quite a stir. People have been surprised to see evidence that Victorians had fun and could,and did, laugh. They are noting that the Victorians suddenly seem to become more human as the hundred-or-so years that separate us fade away through our common experience of laughter.
　　　Of course, I need to concede that my collection of ‘Smiling Victorians’ makes up only a tiny percentage of the vast catalogue of photographic portraiture created between 1840 and 1900, the majority of which show sitters posing miserably and stiffly in front of painted backdrops, or staring absently into the middle distance.How do we explain this trend?
　　　During the 1840s and 1850s, in the early days of photography, exposure times were notoriously long: the daguerreotype photographic method (producing an image on a silvered copper plate) could take several minutes to complete, resulting in blurred images as sitters shifted position or adjusted their limbs. The thought of holding a fixed grin as the camera performed its magical duties was too much to contemplate, and so anon-committal blank stare became the norm.
　　　But exposure times were much quicker by the 1880s, and the introduction of the Box Brownie and other portable cameras meant that, though slow by today’s digital standards, the exposure was almost instantaneous.Spontaneous smiles were relatively easy to capture by the 1890s, so we must look elsewhere for an explanation of why Victorians still hesitated to smile.
　　　One explanation might be the loss of dignity displayed through a cheesy grin. “Nature gave us lips to conceal our teeth,” ran one popular Victorian maxim, alluding  to the fact that before the birth of proper dentistry, mouths were often in a shocking state of hygiene. A flashing set of healthy and clean, regular ‘pearly whites’ was a rare sight in Victorian society, the preserve of the super-rich (and even then,dental hygiene was not guaranteed).
　　　A toothy grin ( especially when there were gaps or blackened gnashers) lacked class: drunks,tramps,and music hall performers might gurn and grin with a smile as wide as Lewis Carroll’s gum-exposing Cheshire Cat, but it was not a becoming look for properly bred persons. Even Mark Twain, a man who enjoyed a hearty laugh, said that when it came to photographic portraits there could be “nothing more damning than a silly, foolish smile fixed forever”.




31.According to Paragraph 1, the author’s posts on Twitter 
　　[A] changed people’s impression of the Victorians.
　　[B] highlighted social media’s role in Victorian studies.
　　[C] re-evaluated the Victorian’s notion of public image.
　　[D] illustrated the development of Victorian photography.
32.What does the author say about the Victorian portraits he has collected?
　　[A] They are in popular use among historians.
　　[B] They are rare among photographs of that age.
　　[C] They mirror 19th-century social conventions.
　　[D] They show effects of different exposure times.
33. What might have kept the Victorians from smiling for pictures in the 1890s?
　　[A] Their inherent social sensitiveness.
　　[B] Their tension before the camera.
　　[C] Their distrust of new inventions.
　　[D] Their unhealthy dental condition.
34. Mark Twain is quoted to show that the disapproval of smiles in pictures was
　　[A] a deep-root belief.
　　[B] a misguided attitude.
　　[C] a controversial view.
　　[D] a thought-provoking idea.
35. Which of the following questions does the text answer?
　　[A] Why did most Victorians look stern in photographs?
　　[B] Why did the Victorians start to view photographs?
　　[C] What made photography develop in the Victorian period?
　　[D] How did smiling in photographs become a post-Victorian norm?


Text 4
　　　From the early days of broadband, advocates for consumers and web-based companies worried that the cable and phone companies selling broadband connections had the power and incentive to favor affiliated websites over their rivals’. That’s why there has been such a strong demand for rules that would prevent broadband providers from picking winners and losers online, preserving the freedom and innovation that have been the lifeblood of the Internet.
　　　Yet that demand has been almost impossible to fill—in part because of pushback from broadband providers, anti-regulatory conservatives and the courts. A federal appeals court weighed in again Tuesday, but instead of providing a badly needed resolution, it only prolonged the fight. At issue before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit was the latest take of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on net neutrality, adopted on a party-line vote in 2017. The Republican-penned order not only eliminated the strict net neutrality rules the FCC had adopted when it had a Democratic majority in 2015, but rejected the commission’s authority to require broadband providers to do much of anything. The order also declared that state and local governments couldn’t regulate broadband providers either.
　　　The commission argued that other agencies would protect against anti-competitive behavior, such as a broadband-providing conglomerate like AT&T favoring its own video-streaming service at the expense of Netflix and Apple TV.Yet the FCC also ended the investigations of broadband providers that imposed data caps on their rivals’ streaming services but not their own.
　　　On Tuesday, the appeals court unanimously upheld the 2017 order deregulating broadband providers, citing a Supreme Court ruling from 2005 that upheld a similarly deregulatory move.But Judge Patricia Millett rightly argued in a concurring opinion that “the result is unhinged from the realities of modern broadband service,” and said Congress or the Supreme Court could intervene to “ avoid trapping Internet regulation in technological anachronism.”
　　　In the meantime, the court threw out the FCC’s attempt to block all state rules on net neutrality, while preserving the commission’s power to preempt individual state laws that undermine its order. That means more battles like the one now going on between the Justice Department and California, which enacted a tough net neutrality law in the wake of the FCC’s abdication.
　　　The endless legal battles and back-and-forth at the FCC cry out for Congress to act. It needs to give the commission explicit authority once and for all to bar broadband providers from meddling in the traffic on their network and to create clear rules protecting openness and innovation online.


36. There has long been concern that broadband providers would 
　　[A] bring web-based firms under control.
　　[B] slow down the traffic on their network.
　　[C] show partiality in treating clients.
　　[D] intensify competition with their rivals.
37. Faced with the demand for net neutrality rules, the FCC 
　　[A] sticks to an out-of-date order.
　　[B] takes an anti-regulatory stance.
　　[C] has issued a special resolution.
　　[D] has allowed the states to intervene.
38. What can be learned about AT&T from Paragraph 3?
　　[A] It protects against unfair competition.
　　[B] It engages in anti-competitive practices.
　　[C] It is under the FCC’s investigation.
　　[D] It is in pursuit of quality service.
39. Judge Patricia Millett argues that the appeals court’s decision 
　　[A] focus on trivialities.
　　[B] conveys an ambiguous message.
　　[C]is at odds with its earlier rulings.
　　[D] is out of touch with reality.
40. What does the author argue in the last paragraph?
　　[A] Congress needs to take action to ensure net neutrality.
　　[B] The FCC should be put under strict supervision.
　　[C] Rules need to be set to diversify online services.
　　[D] Broadband providers’ rights should be protected.


Part B
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable subheading from the list A-G for each of the numbered paragraphs (41-45). There are two extra subheadings. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET.  (10  points)

　　　In the movies and on television, artificial intelligence is typically depicted as something sinister that will upend our way of life. When it comes to AI in business, we often hear about it in relation to automation and the impending loss of jobs, but in what ways is AI changing companies and the larger economy that don’t involve doom-andgloom mass unemployment predictions?
　　　A recent survey of manufacturing and service industries from Tata Consultancy Services found that companies currently use AI more often in computer-to-computeractivities than in automating human activities. Here are a few ways AI is aiding companies without replacing employees:
　　Better hiring practices
　　　Companies are using artificial intelligence to remove some of the unconscious biasfrom hiring decisions. “There are experiments that show that, naturally, the results of interviews are much more biased than what AI does,” says Pedro Domingos, author of The Master Algorithm: How the Quest for the Ultimate Learning Machine Will Remake Our World and a computer science professor at the University of Washington. “(41)                            ” One company that’s doing this is called Blendoor. It uses analytics to help identify where there may be bias in the hiring process.
　　　More effective marketing
　　　Some AI software can analyze and optimize marketing email subject lines to increase open rates. One company in the UK, Phrasee, claims their software can outperform humans by up to 10 percent when it comes to email open rates. This can mean millions more in revenue. (42) _________ These are "tools that help people use data, not a replacement for people,” says Patrick H. Winston, a professor of artificial intelligence and computer science at MIT.
　　Saving customers money
　　　Energy companies can use AI to help customers reduce their electricity bills, saving them money while helping the environment.Companies can also optimize their ownenergy use and cut down on the cost of electricity. Insurance companies, meanwhile, can base their premiums on AI models that more accurately access risk. Domingos says, “ (43)                                ”
　　Improved accuracy
　　　“Machine learning often provides a more reliable form of statistics which makes data more valuable,” says Winston. It “helps people make smarter decisions.” (44) __ Protecting and maintaining infrastructure A number of companies, particularly in energy and transportation, use AI image processing technology to inspect infrastructure and prevent equipment failure or leaks before they happen. "If they fail first and then you fix them , it’s very expensive,” says Domingos. “(45)                                    ”
[A] AI replaces the boring parts of your job. If you're doing research, you can have AI go out and look for relevant sources and information that otherwise you just wouldn’t have time for.
[B] One accounting firm, BY, uses an AI system that helps review contracts during anaudit. This process, along with employees reviewing the · contracts, is faster and more accurate.
[C] There are also companies like Acquisio, which analyzes advertising performance across multiple channels like Adwords, Bing and social media and makes adjustments or suggestions about where advertising funds will yield best results.
[D] You want to predict if something needs attention now and point to where it's useful for employees to go to.
[E] Before, they might not insure the ones who felt like a high risk or charge them too much, or they would charge them too little and then it would cost the company money.
[F] We’re also giving our customers better channels versus picking up the phone to accomplish something beyond human scale.
[G] AI looks at resumes in greater numbers than humans would be able to, and selects the more promising candidates .

Part C  Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

　　　World War II was the watershed event for higher education in modem Western societies.(46) Those societies came out of the war with levels of enrollment that had been roughly constant at 3-5% of the relevant age groups during the decades before the war. But after the war, great social and political changes arising out of the successful war against Fascism created a growing demand in European and American economies for increasing numbers of graduates with more than a secondary school education. (47) And the demand that rose in those societies for entry to higher education extended to groups and social classes that had not thought of attending a university before the war. These demands resulted in a very rapid expansion of the systems of higher education, beginning in the 1960s and developing very rapidly (though unevenly) during the 1970s and 1980s.
　　　The growth of higher education manifests itself in at least three quite different ways, and these in turn have given rise to different sets of problems. There was first the rate of growth: (48) in many countries of Western Europe, the numbers of students in higher education doubled within five-year periods during the 1960s and doubled again in seven, eight, or 10 years by the middle of the 1970s. Second, growth obviously affected the absolute size both of systems and individual institutions. And third, growth was reflected in changes in the proportion of the relevant age group enrolled in institutions of higher education.
　　　Each of these manifestations of growth carried its own peculiar problems in its wake. For example, a high growth rate placed great strains on the existing structures of governance, of administration, and above all of socialization. When a faculty or department grows from, say, five to 20 members within three or four years, (49) and when the new staff are predominantly young men and women fresh from postgraduate study, they largely define the norms of academic life in that faculty. And if the postgraduate student population also grows rapidly and there is loss of a close apprenticeship relationship between faculty members and students, the student culture becomes the chief socializing force for new postgraduate students, with consequences for the intellectual and academic life of the institution-this was seen in America as well as in France, Italy, West Germany, and Japan. (50) High growth rates increased the chances for academic innovation; they also weakened the forms and processes by which teachers and students are admitted into a community of scholars during periods of stability or slow growth. In the 1960s and 1970s, European universities saw marked changes in their governance arrangements, with empowerment of junior faculty and to some degree of students as well.
Section III	Writing
　　
Part A
74.Directions:
　　
　　　A foreign friend of yours has recently graduated from college and intends to find a
job in China. Write him/her an email to make some suggestions .
　　　You should write about 100 words on the ANSWER SHEET.
　　　Do not sign your own name at the end. Use “Li Ming” instead.
　　　Do not write the address. ( 10 points)

Part B
75.Directions:
Write an essay of 160 - 200 words based on the following picture. In your essay, you should
1) describe the picture briefly,
2) interpret its intended meaning, and
3) give your comments.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)











2022年全国硕士研究生招生考试英语（一）试题
Section I	Use of  English

Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

　　　The idea that plants have some degree of consciousness first took root in the early 2000s; the term “		plant neurobiology		” was 											1										 	 around the notion that some aspects of plant behavior could be 										2									   to intelligence in animals. 											3												 plants lack brains, the firing 		of 		electrical signals in their stems and leaves nonetheless triggered responses that      										4 		    consciousness , researchers previously reported.
　　　But such an idea is untrue, according to a new opinion article. Plant biology is complex 		and 		fascinating, but 		it  												5														  so 		greatly 		from 		that 			of 			animals 		that so-called          											6												 of plants’ intelligence is inconclusive, the authors wrote.
　　　Beginning in 2006, some scientists have 				 			7											 that plants possess neuron-like cells that 			interact 			with 			hormones 			and 			neurotransmitters, 													8								   “	a plant nervous system,        										9										 to that in animals,” 	said 		lead 		study 		author 		Lincoln 		Taiz.  “		They 									10											 claimed that plants have ‘	brain-like command centers’ at their root tips.” 
　　　This 									11											  makes sense if you simplify the workings of a complex brain,  										12							 		 it to an array of electrical pulses; cells in plants also communicate through electrical signals. 	 									13														, the 				signaling		 		in 		a 		plant 		is 		only 						 			14													 similar to the firing in a complex animal brain, which is more than “a mass of cells that communicate by electricity,” Taiz said.
　　　“		For 		consciousness 		to 		evolve, a brain with 		a 			threshold 									15											 of complexity and capacity is required,	” 		he 									16										 . “		Since plants don’t have nervous systems,  the 										17										 that they have consciousness are effectively zero. ”
　　　And what’s so great about consciousness, anyway? Plants can’t run away from          									18									 , so 			investing energy in a body system which 										19												 a threat and can feel pain    would be a very  									20													 evolutionary strategy, according to the article.

　1. [A]coined	[B]discovered	[C]collected	[D]issued
　2. [A]attributed	[B]directed	[C]compared	[D]confined
　3. [A]Unless	[B]When	[C]Once	[D]Though
　4. [A]coped with	[B]consisted of	[C]hinted at	[D]extended to
　5. [A]suffers	[B]benefits	[C]develops	[D]differs
　6. [A]acceptance	[B]evidence	[C]cultivation	[D]creation
　7. [A]doubted	[B]denied	[C]argued	[D]requested
　8. [A]adapting	[B]forming	[C]repairing	[D]testing
　9. [A]analogous	[B]essential	[C]suitable	[D]sensitive
10. [A]just	[B]ever	[C]still	[D]even
11. [A]restriction	[B]experiment	[C]perspective	[D]demand
12. [A]attaching	[B]reducing	[C]returning	[D]exposing
13. [A]However	[B]Moreover	[C]Therefore	[D]Otherwise
14. [A]temporarily	[B]literally	[C]superficially	[D]imaginarily
15. [A]list	[B]level	[C]label	[D]load
16. [A]recalled	[B]agreed	[C]questioned	[D]added
17. [A]chances	[B]risks	[C]excuses	[D]assumptions
18. [A]danger	[B]failure	[C]warning	[D]control
19. [A]represents	[B]includes	[C]reveals	[D]recognizes
20. [A]humble	[B]poor	[C]practical	[D]easy


Section II	Reading Comprehension

Part A 
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)


Text 1
　　　People often complain that plastics are too durable. Water bottles, shopping bags, and other trash litter the planet, from Mount Everest to the Mariana Trench, because plastics are everywhere and don’t break down easily. But some plastic materials change over time. They crack and frizzle. They “weep” out additives. They melt into sludge.   All of which creates huge headaches for institutions, such as museums, trying to  preserve culturally important objects. The variety of plastic objects at risk is dizzying: early radios, avant-gardesculptures, celluloid animation stills from Disney films, the first artificial heart.
　　　Certain artifacts are especially vulnerable because some pioneers in plastic art didn’t always know how to mix ingredients properly, says Thea van Oosten, a polymer chemist who, until retiring a few years ago, worked for decades at the Cultural Heritage Agency of the Netherlands (RCE). “It’s like baking a cake: If you don’t have exact amounts, it goes wrong,” she says. “The object you make isalready a time bomb.” 
　　　And sometimes, it’s not the artist’s fault. In the 1960s, the Italian artist Piero Gilardi began to create hundreds of bright, colorful foam pieces. Thosepieces included small beds of roses and other items as well as a few dozen “		nature carpets		”—large rectangles decorated with foam pumpkins, cabbages, and watermelons. He wanted viewers to walk around on the carpets—whichmeant they had to be durable.
　　　Unfortunately, the polyurethane foam he used is inherently unstable. It’s especially vulnerable to light damage, and by the mid-1990s, Gilardi’s pumpkins, roses, and other figures were splitting and crumbling. Museums locked some of them away in the dark. 
　　　So van Oosten and colleagues worked to preserve Gilardi’s sculptures. They infused some with stabilizing and consolidating chemicals. Van Oosten callsthose chemicals “		sunscreens		” because their goal was to prevent further lightdamage and rebuild worn polymer fibers. She is proud that several sculptures have even gone on display again, albeit sometimes beneath protective cases.
　　　Despite success stories like van Oosten’s, preservation of plastics will likelyget harder. Old objects continue to deteriorate. Worse, biodegradable plastics,designed to disintegrate, are increasingly common. 
　　　And more is at stake here than individual objects. Joana Lia Ferreira, anassistant professor of conservation and restoration at the NOVA School of Science and Technology, notes that archaeologists first defined the great material ages of human history—Stone Age, Iron Age, and so on—after examining artifacts inmuseums. We now live in an age of plastic, she says, “and what we decide tocollect today, what we decide to preserve...will have a strong impact on how inthe future we’ll be seen.”

21. According to Paragraph 1, museums are faced with difficulties in	
　　[A]maintaining their plastic items.
　　[B]obtaining durable plastic artifacts.
　　[C]handling outdated plastic exhibits.
　　[D]	classifying their plastic collections.

22. Van Oosten believes that certain plastic objects are
　　[A]immune to decay.
　　[B]improperly shaped.
　　[C]inherently flawed.
　　[D]complex in structure.

23. Museums stopped exhibiting some of Gilardi’s artworks to 
　　[A]keep them from hurting visitors.
　　[B]duplicate them for future display.
　　[C]have their ingredients analyzed.
　　[D]prevent them from further damage.

24. The author thinks that preservation of plastics is
　　[A]costly.
　　[B]unworthy.
　　[C]unpopular.
　　[D]challenging.

25. In Ferreira’s opinion, preservation of plastic artifacts 
　　[A]	will inspire future scientific research.
　　[B]	has profound historical significance.
　　[C]	will help us separate the material ages.
　　[D]	has an impact on today’s cultural life.

Text 2
　　　As the latest crop of students pen their undergraduate application form and weigh up their options, it may be worth considering just how the point, purpose and value of a degree has changed and what Generation Z need to consider as they start the third stage of their educational journey.
　　　Millennials were told that if you did well in school, got a decent degree, you would be set up for life. But that promise has been found wanting. As degrees became  universal, they became devalued. Education was no longer a secure route of social mobility. Today, 28 per cent of graduates in the UK are in non-graduate roles, a percentage which is double the average among the OECD countries.
　　　This is not to say that there is no point in getting a degree, but rather stress that a degree is not for everyone, that the switch from classroom to lecture hall is not an inevitable one and that other options are available.
　　　Thankfully, there are signs that this is already happening, with Generation Z seeking to learn from their millennial predecessors, even if parents and teachers tend to be still set in the degree mindset. Employers have long seen the advantages of hiring school leavers who often prove themselves to be more committed and loyal employees than graduates. Many too are seeing the advantages of scrapping a degree requirement for certain roles.
　　　For those for whom a degree is the desired route, consider that this may well be the first of many. In this age of generalists, it pays to have specific knowledge or skills. Postgraduates now earn 40 per cent more than graduates. When more and more of us have a degree, it makes sense to have two.
　　　It is unlikely that Generation Z will be done with education at 18 or 21; they will need to be constantly upskilling throughout their career to stay employable. It has been estimated that this generation, due to the pressures of technology, the wish for personal fulfilment and desire for diversity, will work for 17 different employers over the course of their working life and have five different careers. Education, and not just knowledge gained on campus, will be a core part of Generation Z’s career trajectory. 
　　　Older generations often talk about their degree in the present and personal tense: ‘I am a geographer’ or ‘I am a classicist’. Their sons or daughters would never say such a thing; it’s as if they already know that their degree won’t define them in the same way.

26. The author suggests that Generation Z should 
　　[A]be careful in choosing a college.
　　[B]be diligent at each educational stage.
　　[C]reassess the necessity of college education.
　　[D]postpone their undergraduate application.

27. The percentage of UK graduates in non-graduate roles reflects
　　[A]Millennial’s opinion about work.
　　[B]the shrinking value of a degree.
　　[C]public discontent with education.
　　[D]the desired route of social mobility.

28. The author considers it a good sign that
　　[A]Generation Z are seeking to earn a decent degree.
　　[B]school leavers are willing to be skilled workers.
　　[C]employers are taking a realistic attitude to degree.
　　[D] parents are changing their minds about education.

29. It is advised in Paragraph 5 that those with one degree should 
　　[A]make an early decision on their career.
　　[B]attend on-the-job training programs.
　　[C]team up with high-paid postgraduates.
　　[D]further their studies in a specific field.

30. What can be concluded about Generation Z from the last two paragraphs?
　　[A]Lifelong learning will define them.
　　[B]They will make qualified educators.
　　[C]Degrees will no longer appeal them.
　　[D]They will have a limited choice of jobs.

Text 3
　　　Enlightening, challenging, stimulating, fun. These were some of the words that Nature readers used to describe their experience of art-science collaborations in a series of  articles on partnerships between artists and researchers. Nearly 40% of the roughly 350 people who responded to an accompanying poll said, they had collaborated with artists; and almost all said they would consider doing so in future.
　　　Such an encouraging result is not surprising. Scientists are increasingly seeking out visual artists to help them communicate their work to new audiences. “Artists help scientists reach a broader audience and make emotional connections that enhance learning,” one respondent said.
　　　One example of how artists and scientists have together rocked the scenes came last month when the Sydney Symphony Orchestra performed a reworked version of Antonio Vivaldi’s The Four Seasons. They reimagined the 300-year-old score by injecting the latest climate prediction data for each season—provided by Monash University’s Climate Change Communication Research Hub. The performance was a creative call to action ahead of November’s United Nations Climate Change Conference in Glasgow, UK.
　　　But a genuine partnership must be a two-way street. Fewer artists than scientists responded to the Nature poll, however, several respondents noted that artists do not simply assist scientists with their communication requirements. Nor should their work be considered only as an object of study. The alliances are most valuable when scientists and artists have a shared stake in a project, are able to jointly design it and can critique each other’s work. Such an approach can both prompt new research as well as result in powerful art.
　　　More than half a century ago, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology opened its Center for Advanced Visual Studies (CAVS) to explore the role of technology in culture. The founders deliberately focused their projects around light—hence the “visual    studies” in the name. Light was a something that both artists and scientists had an interest in, and therefore could form the basis of collaboration. As science and technology progressed, and divided into more sub-disciplines, the centre was simultaneously looking to a time when leading researchers could also be artists, writers and poets, and vice versa.
　　　Nature’s poll findings suggest that this trend is as strong as ever, but, tomake a collaboration work, both sides need to invest time, and embrace surprise and challenge. The reach of art-science tie-ups needs to go beyond the necessary purpose of research communication, and participants must not fall into the trap of stereotyping each other. Artists and scientists alike are immersed in discovery and invention, and challenge and critique are core to both, too.


31. According to 		Paragraph 1, art-science collaborations have
　　[A]caught the attention of critics.
　　[B]received favorable responses.
　　[C]	promoted academic publishing.
　　[D]sparked heated public disputes.

32. The reworked version of The Four Seasons is mentioned to show that
　　[A]	art can off er audiences easy access to science.
　　[B]	science can help with the expression of emoti ons.
　　[C]	public participation in science has a promising future.
　　[D]	art is effective in facilitating scientific innovations.

33. Some artists seem to worry about in the art-science partnership
　　[A]their role may be underestimated.
　　[B]their reputation may be impaired.
　　[C]	their creativity may be inhibited.
　　[D]their work may be misguided.

34. What does the author say about CAYS?
　　[A]It was headed alternately by artists and scientists.
　　[B]It exemplified valuable art-science alliances.
　　[C]Its projects aimed at advancing visual studies.
　　[D]Its founders sought to raise the status of artists.

35. In the last paragraph, the author holds that art-science collaborations 
　　[A]are likely to go beyond public expectations.
　　[B]	will intensify interdisciplinary competi tion.
　　[C]	should do more than communicating science.
　　[D]	are becoming more popular than before.

Text 4
　　　The personal grievance provisions of New Zealand’s Employment Relations Act 2000 (ERA) prevent an employer from firing an employee without good cause. Instead, dismissals must be justified. Employers must both show cause and act in a procedurally fair way.
　　　Personal grievance procedures were designed to guard the jobs of ordinary workers from “unjustified dismissals”. The premise was that the common law of contract lacked sufficient safeguards for workers against arbitrary conduct by management. Long gone are the days when a boss could simply give an employee contractual notice.
　　　But these provisions create difficulties for businesses when applied to highly paid managers and executives. As countless boards and business owners will attest, constraining firms from firing poorly performing, high-earning managers is a handbrake on boosting productivity and overall performance. The difference between C-grade and A-grade managers may very well be the difference between business success or failure. Between preserving the jobs of ordinary workers or losing them. Yet mediocrity is no longer enough to justify a dismissal.
　　　Consequently—and paradoxically—laws introduced to protect the jobs of ordinary workers may be placing those jobs at risk. 
　　　If not placing jobs at risk, to the extent employment protection laws constrain business owners from dismissing under-performing managers, those laws act as a constraint on firm productivity and therefore on workers’ wages. Indeed, in “An International Perspective on New Zealand’s Productivity Paradox” (2014), the Productivity Commission singled out the low quality of managerial capabilities as a cause of the country’s poor productivity growth record.
　　　Nor are highly paid managers themselves immune from the harm caused by the ERA’S unjustified dismissal procedures. Because employment protection laws make it costlier to fire an employee, employers are more cautious about hiring new staff. This makes it harder for the marginal manager to gain employment. And firms pay staff less because firms carry the burden of the employment arrangement going wrong.
　　　Society also suffers from excessive employment protections. Stringent job dismissal regulations adversely affect productivity growth and hamper both prosperity and overall well-being. 
　　　Across the Tasman Sea, Australia deals with the unjustified dismissal paradox by excluding employees earning above a specified “high-income threshold” from the protection of its unfair dismissal laws. In New Zealand, a 2016 private members’ Bill tried to permit firms and high-income employees to contract out of the unjustified dismissal regime. However, the mechanisms proposed were unwieldy and the Bill was voted down following the change in government later that year.

36. The personal grievance provisions of the ERA are intended to
　　[A]punish dubious corporate practices.
　　[B]	improve traditional hiring procedures.
　　[C]	exempt employers from certain duties.
　　[D]protect the rights of ordinary workers.

37. It can be learned from Paragraph 3 that the provisions may 
　　[A]hinder business development.
　　[B]	undermine managers’ authority.
　　[C]	affect the public image of the firms.
　　[D]worsen labor-management relations.

38. Which of the following measures would the Productivity Commissionsupport?
　　[A]	Imposing reasonable wage restraints.
　　[B]	Enforcing employment protection laws.
　　[C]Limiting the powers of business owners.
　　[D]	Dismissing poorly performing managers.

39. What might be an effect of ERA’s unjustified dismissal procedures?
　　[A]	Highly paid managers lose their jobs.
　　[B]Employees suffer from salary cuts.
　　[C]Society sees a rise in overall well-being.
　　[D]Employers need to hire new staff.

40. It can be inferred that the “		high-income threshold		” in Australia
　　[A]	has secured managers’ earnings.
　　[B]has produced undesired results.
　　[C]	is beneficial to business owners.
　　[D]is difficult to put into practice


Part B 
Directions:
In the following text, there are five people’s opinions about Emma Manis’s article “ The Case Against Zoos”. For Questions 41-45, choose the best statement from the list A-G to summarize each numbered person’s opinion. There are two extra choices which do  not fit in any of the blanks. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
　　　(41) Teri Byrd:                                                      
　　　I was a zoo and wildlife park employee for years. Both the wildlife park and zoo claimed to be operating for the benefit of the animals and for conservation purposes. This claim was false. Neither one of them actually participated in any contributions to animal research or conservation. They are profitable institutions whose bottom line is much more important than the condition of the animals.
　　　Animals despise being captives in zoos. 		No matter how 		you		 “	enhance” enclosures, they do not allow for freedom, a natural diet or adequate exercise. Animals end up stressed and unhealthy or dead. It’s past time for transparency with these institutions, and it’s past time to eliminate zoos from our culture.
　　　(42) Karen R. Sime:                                                      
　　　As a zoology professor, I agree with Emma Marris that zoo displays can be sad and cruel. But she underestimates the educational value of zoos.
　　　The zoology program at my university attracts students for whom zoo visits were the crucial formative experience that led them to major in biological sciences. These are mostly students who had no opportunity as children to travel to wilderness areas,  wildlife refuges or national parks. Although good TV shows can help stir children’s interest in conservation, they cannot replace the excitement of a zoo visit as an intense, immersive and interactive experience. Surely there must be some middle ground that balances zoos’ treatment of animals with their educational potential.
　　　(43) Greg Newberry:                                                      
　　　Emma Marris’s article is an insult and a disservice to the thousands of passionate people who work tirelessly to improve the lives of animals and protect our planet. She uses outdated research and decades-old examples to undermine the noble mission of organizations committed to connecting children to a world beyond their own.
　　　Zoos are at the forefront of conservation and constantly evolving to improve how they care for animals and protect each species in its natural habitat. Are there tragedies? Of course. But they are the exception, not the norm that Ms. Marris implies. A distressed animal in a zoo will get as good or better treatment than most of us at our local hospital.
　　　(44) Dean Gallea:                                                      
　　　As a fellow environmentalist, animal-protection advocate and longtime vegetarian, I could properly be in the same camp as Emma Marris on the issue of zoos. But I believe that well-run zoos, and the heroic animals that suffer their captivity, do serve a higher purpose. Were it not for opportunities to observe these beautiful, wild creatures close to home, many more people would be driven by their fascination to travel to wild areas to seek out, disturb and even hunt them down.
　　　Zoos are, in that sense, similar to natural history and archeology museums, serving to satisfy our need for contact with these living creatures while leaving the vast majority undisturbed in their natural environments.
　　　( 45) John Fraser:                                                      
　　　Emma Marris selectively describes and misrepresents the findings of our research. Our studies focused on the impact of zoo experiences on how people think about themselves and nature, and the data points extracted from our studies do not, in any way, discount what is learned in a zoo visit.
　　　Zoos are tools for thinking. Our research provides strong support for the value of zoos in connecting people with animals and with nature. Zoos provide a critical voice for conservation and environmental protection. They afford an opportunity for people from all backgrounds to encounter a range of animals, from drone bees to springbok or salmon, to better understand the natural world we live in.
[A]	Zoos 	which  spare  no  effort to take care of animals should not be subjected to unfair criticism.
[B] To 	pressure zoos to spend less on their animals would lead to inhumane outcomes for the precious creatures in their care.
[C]	While	 animals in captivity deserve sympathy, zoos play a significant role in starting young people down the path of related sciences.
[D]	Zoos save people trips to wilderness areas and thus contribute to wildlife conservation.
［E］For wild animals that cannot be returned to their natural habitats, zoos offer the best alternative.
［F］		Zoos should have been closed down as they prioritize money making over animals’ wellbeing.
［G］	Marris distorts our findings which actually prove that zoos serve as an indispensable link between man and nature.


Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Write your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. ( 10 points)

　　　Between 1807 and 1814 the lberian Peninsula (comprising Spain and Portugal) was the scene of a titanic and merciless struggle. It took place on many different planes: between Napoleon’s French army and the angry inhabitants; between the British, ever keen to exacerbate the emperor’s difficulties, and the marshals sent from Paris to try to keep them in check; between new forces of science and meritocracy and old ones of conservatism and birth. (46) It was also, and this is unknown even to many people well read about the period, a battle between those who made codes and those who broke them. 
　　　I first discovered the Napoleonic cryptographic battle a few years ago when I was reading Sir Charles Oman’s epic History of the Peninsular War. In volume V he had attached an appendix, The Scovell Ciphers. (47) It listed many documents in code that had been captured from the French army of Spain, and whose secrets had been revealed by the work of one George Scovell , an officer in British headquarters. Oman rated Scovell’s significance highly, but at the same time, the general nature of his History meant that (48) he could not analyze carefully what this obscure officer may or may not have contributed to that great struggle between nations or indeed tell us anything much about the man himself. I was keen to read more, but was surprised to find that Oman’s appendix, published in 1914, was the only considered thing that had been written about this secret war.
　　　I became convinced that this story was every bit as exciting and significant as that of Enigma and the breaking of German codes in the Second World War. The question was , could it be told?
　　　Studying Scovell’s papers at the Public Record Office, London, I found that he had left an extensive journal and copious notes about his work in the peninsula. What was more, many original French dispatches had been preserved in this collection, which I realized was priceless. (49) There may have been many spies and intelligence officers during the Napoleonic Wars, but it is usually extremely difficult to find the material they actually provided or worked on. 
　　　As I researched Scovell’s story I found far more of interest besides his intelligence work. His status in Lord Wellington’s headquarters and the recognition given to him for his work were all bound up with the class politics of the army at the time. His tale of self-improvement and hard work would make a fascinating biography in its own right, but represents something more than that. (50) Just as the code breaking has its wider relevance in the struggle for Spain, so his attempts to make his way up the promotion ladder speak volumes about British society.
Section III	Writing

Part A
51. Directions:
　　　Write an email to a professor at a British university, inviting him/her to organize a team for the international innovation contest to be held at your university.
　　　You should write about 100 words on the ANSWER SHEET.
　　　Do not use your own name. Use “Li Ming” instead. (10 points)

Part B
52. Directions:
　　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the picture below. In your essay,        you should
　　　1) describe the picture briefly,
　　　2) explain its intended meaning, and
　　　3) give your comments.
　　　You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. ( 20 points)




2023年全国硕士研究生招生考试英语（一）试题
Section I	Use of  English

　　　Caravanserais were roadside inns that were built along the Silk Road in areas including China, North Africa and the Middle East. They were typically    1     outside the walls of a city or village and were usually funded by local governments or     2     .
　　　The word “caravanserai” is a    3     of the Persian words “karvan”, which means a group of travellers or a caravan, and “sardy”, a palace or enclosed building. The term caravan was used to    	4	     groups of people who travelled together across the ancient network for safety reasons,     	5      merchants, travellers or pilgrims.
　　　From the 10th century onwards, as merchant and travel routes became more developed, the    6     of caravanserais increased and they served as a safe place for people to rest at night. Travellers on the Silk Road 		7     the possibility of being attacked by thieves or being        	8     to extreme weather conditions. For this reason, caravanserais were strategically placed     	9     they could be reached in a day’s travel time.
　　　Caravanserais served as an informal   10    point for the various people who travelled the Silk Road.    11    , these structures became important centres for cultural     12     and interaction, with travellers sharing their cultures, ideas and beliefs,      13	  taking knowledge with them, greatly    14     the development of several civilisations.
　　　Caravanserais were also an important marketplace for commodities and   15    in  the trade of goods along the Silk Road.    16    , it was frequently the first stop for merchants looking to sell their wares and     17      supplies for their own journeys. It is    	18 that around 12,000 to 15,000 caravanserais were built along the Silk Road,     19	   only about 3,000 are known to remain today, many of which are in  	 20     .


1. [A] displayed	[B] occupied	[C] located	[D] equipped
2. [A] privately	[B] regularly	[C] respectively	[D] permanently
3. [A] definition	[B] transition	[C] substitution	[D] combination
4. [A] classify	[B] record	[C] describe	[D] connect
5. [A] apart from	[B] instead of	[C] such as	[D] along with
6. [A] construction	[B] restoration	[C] impression	[D]  evaluation
7. [A] doubted	[B] faced	[C] accepted	[D] reduced
8. [A] assigned	[B] subjected	[C] accustomed	[D] opposed
9. [A] so that	[B] even if	[C] now that	[D] in case
10. [A] talking	[B] starting	[C] breaking	[D] meeting
11. [A] By the way	[B] On occasion	[C] In comparison	[D] As a result
12. [A] heritage	[B] revival	[C] exchange	[D] status
13.[A] with regard to	[B] in spite of	[C] as well as	[D] in line with
14. [A] completing	[B] influencing	[C] resuming	[D] pioneering
15. [A]  aided	[B] invested	[C] failed	[D] competed
16. [A]  Rather	[B] Indeed	[C] Otherwise	[D] However
17. [A]  go in for	[B] stand up for	[C] close in on	[D] stock up on
18. [A]  believed	[B] predicted	[C] recalled	[D] implied
19. [A]  until	[B]  because	[C] unless	[D] although
20. [A]  ruins	[B] debt	[C] fashion	[D] series

Section II	Reading Comprehension

Part A 
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)
Text 1
　　　The weather in Texas may have cooled since the recent extreme heat, but the temperature will be high at the State Board of Education meeting in Austin this month as officials debate how climate change is taught in Texas schools.
　　　Pat Hardy, who sympathises with the views of the energy sector, is resisting proposed changes to science standards for pre-teen pupils. “There are as many scientists working against all the panic of global climate change as there are those who are pushing it,” she claims. “Texas is an energy state and we need to recognise that. You need to remember where your bread is buttered.”
　　　Most scientists and experts sharply dispute Hardy’s views. Board members like her “casually dismiss the career work of scholars and scientists as just another misguided opinion,” says Dan Quinn, senior communications strategist at the Texas Freedom Network, a non-profit group that monitors public education.
　　　Such debates reflect fierce discussions across the US, as researchers, policymakers, teachers and students step up demands for a greater focus on teaching about the facts of climate change in schools.
　　　A study last year by the National Center for Science Education, a non-profit group of scientists and teachers, looking at how state public schools across the country address climate change in science classes, gave barely half of US states a grade B+ or higher. Among the 10 worst performers were some of the most populous states, including Texas, which was given the lowest grade (F) and has a disproportionate influence because its textbooks are widely sold elsewhere.
　　　Glenn Branch, the centre’s deputy director, cautions that setting state-level science standards is only one limited benchmark in a country that decentralises decisions to local school boards. Even if a state is considered a high performer in its science standards, “that does not mean it will be taught”, he says.
　　　Another issue is that while climate change is well integrated into some subjects and at some ages—such as earth and space sciences in high schools—it is not as well represented in curricula for younger children and in subjects that are more widely taught, such as biology and chemistry. It is also less prominent in many social studies courses.
　　　Branch points out that, even if a growing number of official guidelines and textbooks reflect scientific consensus on climate change, unofficial educational materials that convey more slanted perspectives are being distributed to teachers. They include materials sponsored by energy industry associations.
21. In Paragraph 1, the weather in Texas is mentioned to
　　[A] forecast a policy shift in Texas schools.
　　[B] stress the consequences of climate change.
　　[C] indicate the atmosphere at the board meeting.
　　[D] draw the public’s attention to energy shortages.
22. What does Quinn think of Hardy?
　　[A] She exaggerates the existing panic.
　　[B] She denies the value of scientific work.
　　[C] She shows no concern for pre-teens.
　　[D] She expresses self-contradictory views.
23. The study mentioned in Paragraph 5 shows that
　　[A] climate education is insufficient at state public schools.
　　[B] policymakers have little drive for science education.
　　[C] Texas is reluctant to rewrite its science textbooks.
　　[D] environmental teaching in some states lacks supervision.
24. According to Branch, state-level science standards in the US
　　[A] call for regular revision.
　　[B] require urgent application.
　　[C] have limited influence.
　　[D] cater to local needs.
25. It is implied in the last paragraph that climate change teaching in some schools
　　[A] agrees to major public demands.
　　[B] reflects teachers’ personal bias.
　　[C] may misrepresent the energy sector.
　　[D] can be swayed by external forces.
Text 2
　　　Communities throughout New England have been attempting to regulate short-term rentals since sites like Airbnb took off in the 2010s. Now, with record-high home prices and historically low inventory, there’s an increased urgency in such regulation, particularly among those who worry that developers will come in and buy up swaths of housing to flip for a fortune on the short-term rental market.
　　　In New Hampshire, where the rental vacancy rate has dropped below 1 percent, housing advocates fear unchecked short-term rentals will put further pressure on an already strained market. The state Legislature recently voted against a bill that would’ve made it illegal for towns to create legislation restricting short-term rentals.
　　　“We are at a crisis level on the supply of rental housing,” said Nick Taylor, executive director of the Workforce Housing Coalition of the Greater Seacoast. Without enough affordable housing in southern New Hampshire towns, “employers are having a hard time attracting employees, and workers are having a hard time finding a place to live,” Taylor said.
　　　However, short-term rentals also provide housing for tourists, pointed out Ryan Castle, CEO of a local association of realtors. “A lot of workers are servicing the tourist industry, and the tourism industry is serviced by those people coming in short term,” Castle said, “and so it’s a cyclical effect.”
　　　Short-term rentals themselves are not the crux of the issue, said Keren Hom, an expert on affordable housing policy. “I think individuals being able to rent out their second home is a good thing. If it’s their vacation home anyway, and it’s just empty, why can’t you make money off it?” Hom said. Issues arise, however, when developers attempt to create large-scale short-term rental facilities—de facto hotels—to bypass taxes and regulations. “I think the question is, shouldn’t a developer who’s really building a hotel, but disguising it as not a hotel, be treated and taxed and regulated like a hotel?” Hom said.
　　　At the end of 2018, Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts signed a bill to rein in those potential investor-buyers. The bill requires every rental host to register with the state, mandates they carry insurance, and opens the potential for local taxes on top of a new state levy. Boston took things even further, requiring renters to register with the city’s Inspectional Services Department.
　　　Hom said similar registration requirements could benefit struggling cities and towns, but “if we want to make a change in the housing market, the main one is we have to build a lot more.”
26. Which of the following is true of New England?
　　[A] Its housing supply is at a very low level.
　　[B] Its communities are in need of funding.
　　[C] Its rental vacancy rate is going up slowly.
　　[D] Its home prices are under strict control.
27. The bill mentioned in Paragraph 2 was intended to
　　[A] curb short-term rental speculation.
　　[B] ensure the supply of cheap housing.
　　[C] punish illegal dealings in housing.
　　[D] allow a free short-term rental market.
28. Compared with Castle, Taylor is more likely to support
　　[A] further investment in local tourism.
　　[B] an increase in affordable housing.
　　[C] strict management of real estate agents.
　　[D] a favorable policy for short-term workers.
29. What does Hom emphasize in Paragraph 5?
　　[A] The urgency to upgrade short-term rental facilities.
　　[B] The efficient operation of the local housing market.
　　[C] The necessity to stop developers from evading taxes.
　　[D] The proper procedures for renting out spare houses.
30. Hom holds that imposing registration requirements is
　　[A] an irrational decision.
　　[B] an unfeasible proposal.
　　[C] an unnecessary measure.
　　[D] an inadequate solution.
Text 3
　　　If you’re heading for your nearest branch of Waterstones, the biggest book retailer in the UK, in search of the Duchess of Sussex’s new children’s book The Bench, you might have to be prepared to hunt around a bit; the same may be true of The President’s Daughter, the new thriller by Bill Clinton and James Patterson. Both of these books are published next week by Penguin Random House (PRH), a company currently involved in a stand-off with Waterstones.
　　　The problem began late last year, when PRH confirmed that it had introduced a credit limit with Waterstones “at a very significant level”. The trade magazine The Bookseller reported that Waterstones branch managers were being told to remove PRH books from prominent areas such as tables, display spaces and windows, and were  “quietly retiring them to their relevant sections”.
　　　PRH declined to comment on the issue, but a spokesperson for Waterstones told  me: “Waterstones are currently operating with reduced credit terms from PRH, the only publisher in the UK to place any limitations on our ability to trade. We are not boycotting PRH titles but we are doing our utmost to ensure that availability for customers remains good despite the lower overall levels of stock. We are hopeful with our shops now open again that normality will return and that we will be allowed to buy appropriately. Certainly, our shops are exceptionally busy. The sales for our May Books of the Month surpassed any month since 2018.”
　　　In the meantime, PRH authors have been the losers. Big-name PRH authors may suffer a bit, but it’s those mid-list authors, who normally rely on Waterstones staff’s passion for promoting books by lesser-known writers, who will be praying for an end to the dispute.
　　　It comes at a time when authors are already worried about the consequences of the proposed merger between PRH and another big publisher, Simon & Schuster—the reduction in the number of unaligned UK publishers is likely to lead to fewer bidding wars, lower advances, and more conformity in terms of what is published.
　　　“This is all part of a wider change towards concentration of power,” says literary agent Andrew Lownie. “The publishing industry talks about diversity in terms of authors and staff but it also needs a plurality of ways of delivering intellectual contact, choice and different voices. After all, many of the most interesting books in recent years have come from small publishers.”
　　　We shall see whether that plurality is a casualty of the current need among publishers to be big enough to take on all-comers.
31. The author mentions two books in Paragraph 1 to present
　　[A] an ongoing conflict.
　　[B] an intellectual concept.
　　[C] a prevailing sentiment.
　　[D] a literary phenomenon.
32. Why did Waterstones shops retire PRH books to their relevant sections?
　　[A] To make them easily noticeable.
　　[B] To comply with PRH’s requirement.
　　[C] To respond to PRH’s business move.
　　[D] To arrange them in a systematic way.
33. What message does the spokesperson for Waterstones seem to convey?
　　[A] Their customers remain loyal.
　　[B] The credit limit will be removed.
　　[C] Their stock is underestimated.
　　[D] The book market is rather slack.
34. What can be one consequence of the current dispute?
　　[A] Sales of books by mid-list PRH writers fall off considerably. 
　　[B]  Lesser-known PRH writers become the target of criticism.
　　[C] Waterstones staff hesitate to promote big-name authors’ books.
　　[D] Waterstones branches suffer a severe reduction in revenue.
35. Which of the following statements best represents Lownie’s view?
　　[A] Small publishers ought to stick together.
　　[B] Big publishers will lose their dominance.
　　[C] The publishing industry is having a hard time.
　　[D] The merger of publishers is a worrying trend.
Text 4
　　　Scientific papers are the recordkeepers of progress in research. Each year researchers publish millions of papers in more than 30,000 journals. The scientific community measures the quality of those papers in a number of ways, including the perceived quality of the journal (as reflected by the title’s impact factor) and the number of citations a specific paper accumulates. The careers of scientists and the reputation of their institutions depend on the number and prestige of the papers they produce, but even more so on the citations attracted by these papers.
　　　Citation cartels, where journals, authors, and institutions conspire to inflate citation numbers, have existed for a long time. In 2016, researchers developed an algorithm to recognize suspicious citation patterns, including groups of authors that disproportionately cite one another and groups of journals that cite each other frequently to increase the impact factors of their publications. Recently, another expression of this predatory behavior has emerged: so-called support service consultancies that provide language and other editorial support to individual authors and to journals sometimes advise contributors to add a number of citations to their articles.
　　　The advent of electronic publishing and authors’ need to find outlets for their papers resulted in thousands of new journals. The birth of predatory journals wasn't far behind. These journals can act as milk cows where every single article in an issue may cite a specific paper or a series of papers. In some instances, there is absolutely no relationship between the content of the article and the citations. The peculiar part is that the journal that the editor is supposedly working for is not profiting at all—it is just providing citations to other journals. Such practices can lead an article to accrue more than 150 citations in the same year that it was published.
　　　How insidious is this type of citation manipulation? In one example, an individual—acting as author, editor, and consultant—was able to use at least 15 journals as citation providers to articles published by five scientists at three universities. The problem is rampant in Scopus, a citation database, which includes a high number of the new “international” journals. In fact, a listing in Scopus seems to be a criterion to be targeted in this type of citation manipulation.
　　　Scopus itself has all the data necessary to detect this malpractice. Red flags include a large number of citations to an article within the first year. And for authors who wish to steer clear of citation cartel activities: when an editor, a reviewer, or a support service asks you to add inappropriate references, do not oblige and do report the request to the journal.
36. According to Paragraph 1, the careers of scientists can be determined by
　　[A] how many citations their works contain.
　　[B] how many times their papers are cited.
　　[C] the prestige of the people they work with.
　　[D] the status they have in scientific circles.
37. The support service consultancies tend to
　　[A] recommend journals to their clients.
　　[B] list citation patterns for their clients.
　　[C] ask authors to include extra citations.
　　[D] advise contributors to cite each other.
38. The function of the “milk cow” journals is to
　　[A] boost citation counts for certain authors.
　　[B]  help scholars publish articles at low cost.
　　[C] instruct first-time contributors in citation.
　　[D] increase the readership of new journals.
39. What can be learned about Scopus from the last two paragraphs?
　　[A] It fosters competition among citation providers.
　　[B] It has the capability to identify suspicious citations.
　　[C] It hinders the growth of “international”  journals.
　　[D] It is established to prevent citation manipulation.
40. What should an author do to deal with citation manipulators?
　　[A] Take legal action.
　　[B] Demand an apology.
　　[C] Seek professional advice.
　　[D] Reveal their misconduct.
Part B 
Directions:
The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For questions 41 -45, you are required to reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent text by choosing from the list A-H and filling them into the numbered boxes. Paragraphs A, E, and H have been correctly placed. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
[A] 	Last year marked the 150th anniversary of a series of Yellowstone photographs by the renowned landscape photographer William Henry Jackson. Jackson snapped the first-ever shots of iconic landmarks such as the Tetons, Old Faithful and the Colorado Rockies on a late 19th-century expedition through the Yellowstone Basin, conducted by the head of the U.S. Geological and Geographical Survey of the Territories, Ferdinand V. Hayden. The team included a meteorologist, a zoologist, a mineralogist, and an agricultural statistician.
[B] Two centuries ago, the idea of preserving nature, rather than exploiting it, was a novel one to many US settlers. One of the turning points in public support for land conservation efforts—and recognizing the magnificence of the Yellowstone region in particular—came in the form of vivid photographs.
[C]As an effective Washington operator, Hayden sensed that he could capitalize on the expedition’s stunning visuals. He asked Jackson to print out large copies and distributed them, along with reproductions of Moran's paintings, to each member of Congress. “The visualization, particularly those photographs, really hit home that this is something that has to be protected,” says Alicia Murphy, Yellowstone’s  park historian.
[D] 	Throughout the trip, Jackson juggled multiple cameras and plate sizes using the collodion process that involved coating the plates with a chemical mixture, exposing them and developing the resulting images with a portable darkroom. The crude technique required educated guesses on exposure times, and involved heavy, awkward equipment—several men had to assist in its transportation. Despite these challenges, Jackson captured dozens of striking photos, ranging from majestic images like his now-famous snapshot of Old Faithful, to casual portraits of expedition members at the camp. While veterans of previous expeditions had written at length about stunning sights, these vivid photographs were another thing entirely.
[E] 	The journey officially began in Ogden, Utah, on June 8, 1871. Over nearly four months, dozens of men made their way on horseback into Montana and traversed along the Yellowstone River and around Yellowstone Lake. That fall, they concluded the survey in Fort Bridger, Wyoming.
[F] 	Though Native Americans (and later miners and fur trappers) had long recognized the area’s riches, most Americans did not. That’s why Hayden’s expedition aimed to produce a fuller understanding of the Yellowstone River region, from its hot springs and waterfalls to its variety of flora and fauna. In addition to the entourage of scientists, the team also included artists: Painter Thomas Moran and photographer Jackson were charged with capturing this astounding natural beauty and sharing it with the world.
[G] 	The bill proved largely popular and sailed through Congress with large majorities in favor. In quick succession, the Senate and House passed legislation protecting Yellowstone in early 1872. That March, President Ulysses S. Grant signed an act into law that established Yellowstone as the world’s first national park. While some locals opposed the designation, the decision was largely accepted—and Jackson’s photos played a key role in the fight to protect the area. “I don’t believe that the legal protection would have happened in the time frame that it did without those images,” says Heather Hansen, journalist and author of Prophets and Moguls, Rangers and Rogues, Bison and Bears: 100 Years of the National Park Service.
[H] Perhaps most importantly, these images provided documentary evidence that later made its way to government officials. Weeks after completing the expedition, Hayden collected his team’s observations into an extensive report aimed at convincing senators and representatives, along with colleagues at government agencies like the Department of the Interior, that Yellowstone ought to be preserved.
　　　　　　　　→A→	          → E→               → H →               →
Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Write your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. ( 10 points)

　　　There has been some exploration around the use of artificial intelligence (AI) in digital marketing. For example, AI can be used to analyse what type of advertising content or copy would be appropriate to “speak” to a specific target customer group by revealing information about trends and preferences through the analysis of big data.    (46) AI can also be used to identify the lifestyle choices of customers regarding their hobbies, favourite celebrities, and fashions to provide unique content in marketing messages put out through social media. At the same time Al can also be used to generate content for social media posts and chat sites.
　　　The main disadvantage of using AI to respond to customers is that there are concerns about trusting personal interactions to machines, which could lead not only to the subsequent loss of interpersonal connections, but also to a decrease in marketing personnel. (47) Some believe that AI is negatively impacting on the marketer’s role by reducing creativity and removing jobs, but they are aware that it is a way of reducing costs and creating new information. By allowing AI to develop content some brand marketers may find that they are losing control over the brand narrative. (48) Algorithms used to simulate human interactions are creating many of these concerns, especially as no-one is quite sure what the outcomes of using AI to interact with customers will be.
　　　For AI to be successful, data needs to be accessible, but the use of personal data is becoming more regulated and the automated sharing of data is becoming more difficult. (49) If customers are not willing to share data, AI will be starved of essential  information and will not be able to function effectively or employ machine learning to improve its marketing content and communication. Therefore, unless customers are prepared to sign release agreements, the use of AI may become somewhat restricted in the future. Not only can AI help to create the marketing content, but it can also provide a non-intrusive way of delivering the content to the target customers. Data can be gathered on where the customer can be engaged, such as location, devices used, website interactions, and sites visited, to display marketing messages in appropriate forms, including emails, social media posts, pop-up advertisements, and banners at an appropriate frequency. (50) The non-intrusive delivery of the marketing messages in a way that is sensitive to the needs of target customers is one of the critical challenges to the digital marketer.


Section III	Writing

Part A
51. Directions:
　　　Write a notice to recruit a student for Prof. Smith’s research project on campus sports activities. Specify the duties and requirements of the job.
　　　Write your answer in about 100 words on the ANSWER SHEET.
　　　Do not use your own name in the notice; use “Li Ming” instead. (10 points)
Part B
52. Directions:
　　　Write an essay based on the picture below. In your essay, you should
1) describe the picture briefly,
2) interpret the implied meaning, and
3) give your comments.
　　　Write your answer in 160-200 words on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)
　　　



绝密★启用前


2024年全国硕士研究生招生考试








试卷条形码


英 语 ( 一 )
(科目代码：201)

☆考生注意事项☆




1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡指
定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号，并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条 形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生
自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须书 写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在草稿
纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填(书)写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂写
部分必须使用2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。

(以下信息考生必须认真填写)

考生编号															
考生姓名	


Section I Use of English


Directions:
Read the followingtext.Choose the best word(s)for each numbered blank and mark A, B,C or D on the ANSWER SHEET.(10 points)

　　There's nothing more welcoming than a door opening for you.        1 the need to be touched to open or close,automatic doors are essential in2       disabled access to
buildings and helping provide general  3       to commercial buildings.
　　Self-sliding doors began to emerge as a commercial product in 1960 after being invented six years     4   by  Americans  Dee  Horton  and  Lew  Hewitt.They 5        as a  novelty  feature,but  as  their  use  has  grown,their    6     have  extended  within  our technologically  advanced  world.Particularly      7    in busy locations or during times of  emergency,the   doors        8 crowd management by reducing the  obstacles put in
people's way.
　　　9     making access both in and out ofbuildings easier for people,the difference in the way many of these doors open helps reduce the total area  10        by  them. Automatic doors often open to the side,with the panels sliding across one another.
Replacing  swing  doors,these  1         smaller  buildings  to  maximise  the usable  space
inside without having to     12   the way for a large,sticking-out door.There are many different types ofautomatic door,with each     13  specific signals to tell them when to open.     14   these methods differ,the main    15   remain the same.
　　Each  automatic  door  system     16   the   light,sound,weight    or   movement   in their  vicinity  as  a  signal  to  open.Sensor  types  are  chosen  to  17       the  different environments they  are needed  in.         18_,a busy street might not     19    a motion- sensored door,as it would constantly be opening for passers-by.A pressure-sensitive mat would be more   20     to limit the surveyed area.

1.[A]Through	[B]Despite	[C]Besides	[D]Without
2.[A]revealing	[B]demanding	[C]improving	[D]tracing
3.[A]experience	[B]convenience	[C]guidance	[D]reference
4.[A]previously	[B]temporarily	[C]successively	[D]eventually
5.[A]held     on	[B]started  out	[C]settled  down	[D]went  by
6.[A]relations	[B]volumes	[C]benefits	[D]sources
7.[A]useful	[B]simple	[C]flexible	[D]stable
8.[A]call     for	[B]yield  to	[C]insist  on	[D]act  as
9.[A]As  well   as	[B]In terms of	[C]Thanks  to	[D]Rather  than
10.[A]connected	[B]shared	[C]represented	[D]occupied
11.[A]allow	[B]expect	[C]require	[D]direct
12.[A]adopt	[B]lead	[C]clear	[D]change
13.[A]adapting   to	[B]deriving  from	[C]relying  on	[D]pointing  at
14.[A]Once	[B]Since	[C]Unless	[D]Although
15.[A]records	[B]positions	[C]principles	[D]reasons
16.[A]controls	[B]analyses	[C]produces	[D]mixes
17.[A]decorate	[B]compare	[C]protect	[D]complement
18.[A]In  conclusion	[B]By  contrast	[C]For  example	[D]Above  all
19.[A]identify	[B]suit	[C]secure	[D]include
20.[A]appropriate	[B]obvious	[C]impressive	[D]delicate







Section  II  Reading  Comprehension

Part A

Directions:
Read the following four texts.Answer the questions after each text by choosing A,B,
C or D.Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET.(40 points)

Text 1

　　Nearly 2,000 years ago,as the Romans began to pull out of Scotland,they left behind a curious treasure:10 tons of nails,nearly a million of the things.The nail hoard was discovered in 1960 in a four-metre-deep pit covered by two metres of gravel.
　　Why had the Romans buried a million nails?The likely explanation is that the withdrawal was rushed,and they didn't want the local Caledonians getting their hands on 10 tons ofweapon-grade iron.The Romans buried the nails so deep that they would not be discovered for almost two millennia.
　　Later civilisations would value the skilled blacksmith's labour in a nail even more than the raw material.As Roma Agrawal explains in her new delightful book Nuts and Bolts,early 17th-century Virginians would sometimes burn down their homes if they were planning to relocate.This was an attempt to recover the valuable nails,which could be reused after sifting the ashes.The idea that one might burn down an entire house just to reclaim the nails underlines how scarce,costly and valuable the simple- seeming technology was.
　　The price of nails fell by 90%between the late 1700s and mid-1900s,as economist Daniel Sichel points out in a research paper.According to Sichel,although the falling price of nails was driven partly by cheaper iron and cheaper energy,most of the credit goes to nail manufacturers who simply found more efficient ways to turn steel into nails.
　　Nails themselves have changed over the years,but Sichel studied them because they haven't changed much.Roman lamps and Roman chariots are very different from LED strips and sports cars,but Roman nails are still clearly nails.It would be absurd to try to track the changing price of sports cars since 1695,but to ask the same question of nails makes perfect sense.
　　I make no apology for being obsessed by a particular feature of everyday objects: their price.I am an economist,after all.After writing two books about the history of inventions,one thing I've learnt is that while it is the enchantingly sophisticated technologies that get all the hype,it's the cheap technologies that change the world.
　　The Gutenberg printing press transformed civilisation not by changing the nature of writing but by changing its cost—and it would have achieved little without a parallel collapse in the price of surfaces to write on,thanks to an often-overlooked technology called paper.Solar panels had a few niche uses until they became cheap; now they are transforming the global energy system.




21.The Romans buried the nails probably for the sake of                      [A]saving them for future use
[B]keeping them from rusting
[C]letting them grow in value
[D]hiding them from the locals


22.The example of early 17th-century Virginians is used to                       
[A]highlight the thriftiness of early American colonists
[B]illustrate the high status of blacksmiths in that period
[C]contrast the attitudes of different civilisations towards nails
[D]show the preciousness of nail-making technology at that time


23.What played the major role in lowering the price of nails after the late 1700s?
[A]Increased  productivity.
[B]Wider use of new energies.
[C]Fiercer market competition.
[D]Reduced cost of raw materials.


24.It can be learned from Paragraph 5 that nails                      
[A]have undergone many technological improvements
[B]have remained basically the same since Roman times
[C]are less studied than other everyday products
[D]are one of the world's most significant inventions


25.Which of the following best summarises the last two paragraphs?
[A]Cheap technologies bring about revolutionary change.
[B]Technological innovation is integral to economic success. [C]Technology defines people's understanding of the world.
[D]Sophisticated technologies develop from small inventions.

Text 2

　　Parenting tips obtained from hunter-gatherers in Africa maybe the key to bringing up more contented children,researchers have suggested.The idea is based on studies of communities such as the Kung of Botswana,where each child is cared for by many adults.Kung children as young as four will help to look after younger ones and“baby- wearing”,in which infants are carried in slings,is considered the norm.
　　According to DrNikhil Chaudhary,an evolutionary anthropologist at Cambridge University,these practices,known as alloparenting,could lead to less anxiety for children and parents.
　　Dr  Annie   Swanepoel,a  child  psychiatrist,believes  that  there   are  ways  to incorporate them into western life.In Germany,one scheme has paired an old people's home with a nursery.The residents help to look after the children,an arrangement akin to alloparenting.Another measure could be encouraging friendships between children in different school years to mirror the unsupervised mixed-age playgroups in hunter- gatherer communities.
　　In  a  paper  published  in  the  Journal  of  Child  Psychology  and  Psychiatry, researchers said that the western nuclear family was a recent invention which broke with evolutionary history.This abrupt shift to an“intensive mothering narrative”, which suggests that mothers should manage childcare alone,was likely to have been harmful.“Such narratives can lead to maternal exhaustion and have dangerous  consequences,”they wrote.
　　By contrast,in hunter-gatherer societies adults other than the parents can provide almost half of a child's care.One previous  study looked at the Efé people of the Democratic Republic of Congo.It found that infants had an average of 14 alloparents a day by the time they were 18 weeks old and were passed between caregivers eight times an hour.
　　Chaudhary said that parents now had less childcare support from family and social  networks than during most of humans'evolutionary history,but introducing additional  caregivers could reduce stress and maternal depression,which could have a“knock-on” benefit to a child's wellbeing.An infant born to a hunter-gatherer society could have  more than ten caregivers—this contrasts starkly to nursery settings in the UK where  regulations call for a ratio of one carer to four children aged two to three.
　　While hunter-gatherer children learnt from observation and imitation in mixed- age playgroups,researchers said that western“instructive teaching”,where pupils are asked to sit still,may contribute to conditions such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.Chaudhary said that Britain should explore the possibility that older siblings helping their parents “might also enhance their own social development”.




26.According  to  the   first  two  paragraphs,alloparenting  refers  to  the  practice   of

[A]sharing childcare among community members
[B]assigning babies to specific adult caregivers
[C]teaching parenting skills to older children
[D]carrying infants around by their parents


27.The scheme in Germany is mentioned to illustrate                      
[A]an attempt to facilitate intergenerational communication
[B]an approach to integrating alloparenting into western society
[C]the conventional parenting style in western culture
[D]the differences between western and African ways of living


28.According to Paragraph 4,the“intensive mothering narrative”                    [A]alleviates parenting pressures
[B]consolidates family relationships
[C]results in the child-centred family
[D]departs from the course of evolution


29.What can be inferred about the nurseries in the UK?
[A]They tend to fall short ofofficial requirements.
[B]They have difficulty finding enough caregivers.
[C]They ought to improve their carer-to-child ratio.
[D]They should try to prevent parental depression.


30.Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
[A]Instructive teaching:a dilemma for anxious parents
[B]For a happier family,learn from the hunter-gatherers
[C]Mixed-age playgroup,a better choice for lonely children
[D]Tracing the history of parenting:from Africa to Europe

Text 3

　　A Polish digital artist who uses classical painting styles to create dreamy fantasy landscapes,Greg Rutkowski has made illustrations for games such as Dungeons & Dragons and Magic:The Gathering.And he'sbecomea sudden hit in the new world of text-to-image AI generation.
　　His distinctive style is now one of the most commonly used prompts in the new open-source  AI  art  generator  Stable  Diffusion.The  tool,along  with  other  popular image-generation AI models,allows anyone to create impressive images based on text prompts.For example,type in“Wizard with sword and a glowing orb of magic fire fights a fierce dragon Greg Rutkowski,”and the system will produce something that looks not a millionmiles away from works in Rutkowski's style.
　　But these open-source programs are built by scraping images from the Internet, often without permission and proper attribution to artists.As a result,they are raising tricky  questions  about  ethics  and  copyright.And  artists  like  Rutkowski  have  had enough.
　　According to the website Lexica,which tracks over  10 million Stable Diffusion images and prompts,Rutkowski's name has been used as a prompt around  93,000 times.Rutkowski was initially surprised but thought it might be a good way to reach new audiences.Thenhe tried searching for his name to see if a piece he had worked on had been published.The online search brought back work that had his name attached to it but wasn't his
　　“It's been just a month.What about in a year?I probably won't be able to find my work out there because the Internet will be flooded with AI art,”Rutkowski said. “That's concerning.”
　　Other artists besides Rutkowski have been surprised by the apparent popularity of their work in text-to-image generators—and someare now fighting back.
　　Karla Ortiz,an illustrator based in San Francisco who found her work in Stable Diffusion's data set,has been raising awareness about the issues around AI art and copyright.Artists  say  they  risk  losing  income  as  people  start  using  AI-generated images based  on  copyrighted material  for  commercial purposes.But  it's  also  a  lot more personal,Ortiz says,arguing that because art is so closely linked to a person,it could raise data protection and privacy problems.
　　“There is a coalition growing within artist industries to figure out how to tackle or mitigate this,”says Ortiz.The group is in its early days of mobilization,which could involve pushing for new policies or regulation.One suggestion is that AI models could be trained on images in the public domain,andAI companies could forge partnerships with museums and artists,Ortiz says.



31.What can be learned about Rutkowski from the first two paragraphs?
[A]He is enthusiastic about using AI models.
[B]He is popular with users of anAI art generator.
[C]He attracts admiration from other illustrators
[D]He specializes in classical painting digitalization.


32.The problem with open-source AI art generators is that they                     
[A]lack flexibility in responding to prompts
[B]produce artworks in unpredictable styles
[C]make unauthorized use of online images
[D]collect user information without consent


33.After  searching  online,Rutkowski  found                      
[A]a unique way to reach audiences
[B]a new method to identify AI images
[C]AI-generated work bearing his name
[D]heated disputes regarding his copyright


34.According  to  Ortiz,AI  companies  are  advised  to                       
[A]campaign for newpolicies or regulation
[B]offer their services to public institutions
[C]strengthen their relationships with AI users
[D]adopt a different strategy for AI model training


35.What is the text mainly about?
[A]Artists'responses to AI art generation.
[B]AI's expanded role in artistic creation.
[C]Privacy issues in the application of AI.
[D]Opposing views on AI development.

Text  4

　　The miracle of the Chesapeake Bay lies not in its depths,but in the complexity of its natural construction,the interaction of fresh and saline waters,and the mix of land and water.The shallows provide homes for hundreds of species while storing floodwaters,filtering pollutants from water,and protecting nearby communities from potentially destructive storm surges.
　　All this was put at great risk late last month,when the U.S.Supreme Court issued a ruling in an Idaho case that provides the U.S.Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) far less authority to regulate wetlands and waterways.Specifically,a 5-4 majority decided that wetlands protected by the EPA under its Clean Water Act authority must have  a“continuous  surface  connection”to  bodies  of water.This  narrowing of the regulatory  scope  was  a  victory  for  builders,mining  operators  and  other commercial interests often at odds with environmental rules.And it carries“significant repercussions for water quality and flood control throughout the United States,”as Justice Brett Kavanaugh observed.
　　In Maryland,the good news is that there are many state laws in place that provide wetlands protections.But that's a very shortsighted view,particularly when it comes to the Chesapeake Bay.The reality is that water,and the pollutants that so often come with it,don't respect state boundaries.The Chesapeake draws from a 64,000-square- mile watershed that extends into Virginia,Pennsylvania,New York,West Virginia, the District of Columbia and Delaware.Will those jurisdictions extend the same protections now denied under  Sackett v.EPA?Perhaps  some,but  all?That  seems unlikely.
　　It is too easy,and misleading,to see such court rulings as merely standing up for the rights of land owners when the consequences can be so dire for their neighbors. And it's a reminder that the EPA's involvement in the Chesapeake Bay Program has long been crucial as the means to transcend the influence of deep-pocketed special interests in neighboring states.Pennsylvania farmers,to use one telling example, aren't thinking about next year's blue crab harvest in Maryland when they decide whether to spread animal waste on their fields,yet the runoff into nearby creeks can have enormous impact downstream.
　　And so we would call on state lawmakers from Richmond to Albany to consider reviewing their own wetlands protections and see for themselves the enormous stakes involved.We can offer them a visit to Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge in Dorchester County where bald eagles fly over tidal marshes so shallow you could not paddle a boat across them but teaming with aquatic life.It's worth the scenic drive.



36.The Chesapeake Bay is described in Paragraph 1 as                      
[A]a valuable natural environment
[B]a controversial conservation area
[C]a place with commercial potential
[D]a headache for nearby communities


37.The U.S.Supreme Court's ruling in the Idaho case                     
[A]reinforces water pollution control
[B]weakens the EPA's regulatory power
[C]will end conflicts among local residents
[D]may face opposition from mining operators

38.How does the author feel about the future of the Chesapeake Bay?
[A]Worried.
[B]Puzzled.
[C]Relieved.
[D]Encouraged.

39.What  can  be  inferred  about  the  EPA's   involvement  in  the   Chesapeake  Bay
Program?
[A]It has restored the balance among neighboring jurisdictions.
[B]It has triggered a radical reform in commercial fisheries.
[C]It has set a fine example of respecting state authorities.
[D]It has ensured the coordination of protection efforts.


40.The author holds that the state lawmakers should                      
[A]be cautious about the influence of land owners
[B]attach due importance to wetlands protections
[C]recognize the need to expand wildlife refuges
[D]improve the wellbeing of endangered species

Part B

Directions:
Read the following comments on a report about American museums returning artifacts to their countries oforigin and a list of statements summarizing the comments.Choose the best statement from the list A-G for each numbered name(41-45).There are two extra choices which you do not need to use.Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET.(10 points)

(41)Hannah
　　Simply,there  are  people  in  Nigeria  who  cannot  travel  to  the  Smithsonian Institution to see that part of their history and culture represented by the Benin Bronzes.These should be available to them as part of their cultural heritage and history and as a source of national pride.There is no good reason that these artifacts should be beyond the ordinary reach of the educational objectives or inspiration of the generations to which they were left.They serve no purpose in a museum in the United States or elsewhere except as curious objects.They cannot be compared to works of art produced for sale which can be passed from hand to hand and place to place by purchase.
(42) Buck
　　We know very exact reproductions of artwork can be and are regularly produced. Perhaps museums and governments might explore some role for the use of nearly exact reproductions as a means ofresolving issues relating to returning works of art and antiquities.The context of any exhibit is more important to me than whether the object being displayed is 2,000 years old or 2 months old.In many cases the experts have a hard time agreeing on what is the real object and what is a forgery.Again,the story an exhibit is trying to tell is what matters.The monetary value of the objects on display is a distant second place in importance.
(43) Sara
　　When visiting the Baltimore Museum of Art,I came across a magnificent 15th- century Chinese sculpture.It inspired me to learn more about the culture that it represented.Artifacts in museums have the power to inspire,and perhaps spark that need to learn and understand the nature of their creators.Having said that,I do feel that whatever artifacts find their way to public museums should,in fact,be sanctioned as having been obtained on loan,legally purchased,or obtained by treaty.Stealing

artifacts from other peoples'cultures is obscene;it robs not only the physical objects, but the dignity and spirit of their creators.
(44) Victor
　　　Ancient art that is displayed in foreign countries by all means should be returned to the original country.The foreign countries have no right to hold back returning  the items.I would ask that the foreign nations and the original country discuss the  terms of transfer.Yes,there is the risk that the original country will not have as good  security as do the foreign countries.But look at what happened to Boston's Gardner  Museum theft in 1990,including the loss of Rembrandt,Vermeer,Manet,and other  masterpieces.Nothing is absolutely safe nowhere.And now Climate Change agitators
are attacking publicly displayed works in European museums.
(45)Julia
　　To those of you in the comments section who are having strong feelings about artifacts being removed from cities in the U.S.and Britain and returned to their countries of origin,I would ask you to consider why do you think Americans have more ofa right to easily access the Benin Bronzes than the people of Nigeria?Why are people who live within a day's drive of London entitled to go and see the Elgin Marbles whenever they want,but the people of Athens aren't?What intrinsic factors make the West a suitable home for these artifacts but preclude them from being preserved and displayed by their countries of origin?If your conclusion is that the West is better able to preserve these artifacts,think about why you're assuming that to be true.

[A]It is clear that the countries of origin have never been compensated for the stolen artifacts.
[B]It is a flawed line of reasoning to argue against returning artifacts to their countries of origin.
[C]Museum visitors can still learn as much from artifacts'copies after the originals are returned.
[D]Reproductions,even if perfectly made,cannot take the place of the authentic objects.
[E]The real value of artifacts can only be recognized in their countries of origin rather than anywhere else.
[F]Ways to get artifacts from other countries must be decent and lawful.
[G]Concern over security is no excuse for refusing to return artifacts to their countries of origin.

Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese.Write your answers on the ANSWER SHEET.(10 points)
　　“Elephants never forget”—or so they say—and that piece of folklore seems to have some foundation.
　　The  African  savanna  elephant,also  known  as  the  African  bush  elephant,is distributed across 37 African countries.They move between a variety of habitats, including  forests,grasslands,woodlands,wetlands  and  agricultural  land.(46) They  sometimes travel more than sixty miles to find food or water,and are very good  at working out where other elephants are—even when they are out of sight.Using  tracking devices,researchers have shown that they have“remarkable spatial acuity.” When finding their way to waterholes,they headed off in exactly the right direction, on one occasion from a distance of roughly thirty miles.What is more,they almost always seem to choose the nearest waterhole.(47)  The researchers are convinced that  the elephants always know precisely where they are in relation to all the resources  they need,and can therefore take shortcuts,as well as following familiar routes.
　　Although the cues used by African elephants for long-distance navigation are not yet understood,smell may well play a part.
　　Elephants are very choosy eaters,but until recently little was known about how they selected their food.(48) One possibility was that they merely used their eyes and tried out the plants they found,but that would probably result in a lot of wasted time and energy,not least because their eyesight is actually not very good
　　(49) The volatile chemicals produced by plants can be carried a long way,and they are very characteristic:Each plant or tree has its own particular odor signature. What is more,they can be detected even when they are not actually visible.New research suggests that smell is a crucial factor in guiding elephants—and probably other herbivores—to the best food resources.
　　The researchers first established what kinds of plant the elephants preferred either to eat or avoid when foraging freely.They then set up a “food station”experiment, in which they gave the elephants a series of choices based only on smell.(50) The experiment showed that elephants may well use smell to identify patches of trees that are good to eat,and secondly to assess the quality of the trees within each patch. Free- ranging elephants presumably also use this information to locate their preferred food.
　　Their well-developed hippocampal structures may enable elephants,like rats and people,to construct cognitive maps.

Section    III    Writing

Part A

51.Directions:
Read the following email froman international student and write a reply.

Dear   LiMing,
I've got a class assignment to make an oral report on an ancient Chinese scientist,but  I'm  not  sure  how  to  prepare  for  it.Can  you  give  me  some advice?Thank  you  for  yourhelp.
Yours,
Paul
Write your answer in about  100 words on theANSWER SHEET.
Do  not use  your  own name in your email;use“Li Ming"”instead.(10 points)


Part B

52.Directions:
　　Write  an  essay  based  on  the  picture  and  the  chart  below.In  your  essay,you should
1)describe  the  picture  and  the  chart  briefly,
2)interpret   the   implied   meaning,and
3)give   your   comments.
Write  your  answer  in   160-200  words  on  the  ANSWER  SHEET.(20  points)
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　

